Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
-A popular Argentinean song.
I was n't armed with a knife , your Honor.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion.
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
Be careful.
Before I get married , I 'm gon na sow a couple of wild oats.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
You lose it ?.
Mr. Chandler !.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
Beaugard is dead.
It could be spinach.
It has disappeared.
Wellmore here is sending a bull train clear through to old Tom Williams 's trading post.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
I 've never told Black Elk a lie yet.
Shank me off a snack !.
Oh , I 'd like to kick him into pulp.
Stop shooting ' , everybody !.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Zeke , this is old Ben Griswell 's knife.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
The tractor ca n't be standing still.
A friend.
It 's about me.
I 'm not interested in your affairs.
It 's private.
- I want to believe you.
- I 'll be working New Year 's Eve -.
Happy New Year , boys.
Tony deserved a swell send - off -.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
Do you like it ?.
Give it to him , Rico !.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
They can knock it down and turn it on its head ― it always gets back on its feet.
They can knock it down and turn it on its head ― it always gets back on its feet.
I do n't use invisible ink.
Just a small cut from that paper clip.
The Abbey could be very attractive , but I should imagine it would need quite extensive repairs.
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
Van Helsing , the distinguished man of science whose fame is known even in the mountains of Transylvania.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
Sit down.
I said beat it !.
– At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
That it wo n't do.
She opened her cupboard and gave me a petticoat.
That 's a month apiece [.
Or is it one of Bingy 's snowstorms ? -.
Siberian bloodhound ?.
Found no skeletons ? -.
Listen , I was in a place today , and I heard somebody say something -.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
I wo n't say it.
I wo n't say it.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
I think it is , General Shubin -.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
I do n't want to frighten you , but ... What is it ?.
Like to see a ship we were once passengers in ?.
Not a bad thought , eh ?.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Bank 's broke.
You 're protecting somebody -.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Sing Mother Machree if you want to , but call me up.
But you said it was safe.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
Maybe it was her aunt.
Want to see it ?.
Listen , Heinrich.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
I think you know what the trustees can do with their suggestions ".
I 'm against it !.
In fact , it needs a nightgown.
Well , take it away and hang it in my bedroom.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
Give me that knife.
I 'll take it.
I 'll take it.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
It was a barometer !.
Crude rubber.
He says it 's an awfully rotten area , even for a man.
Give it back.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
Johnny ?.
Let me lie down , Tony.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
I thought I hated this country.
It 's part of it all -.
Twenty thousand francs.
I was nowhere near that niche.
I got it in the saddlebag.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
Silence befriending , To aid us conspires Prudence attending , Vengeance inspires - You can remember it ? -.
You 're not gon na forget it ? -.
You do ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
You can come in the back way , no one'll see you.
Keep it under your hat.
I 'll get it dropped over tomorrow.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
Years ago they tried it for bleaching cloth.
It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe.
It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir.
It was Kemp.
It was Kemp.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
Imagine , in this icecap , finding someone who knows Spain.
There 's friendship for you.
In the lodge.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
They are probably asleep and did n't hear it.
It 's absurd ! -.
Do n't try to lift it.
And I 'll get out of the box , open the door and let you in.
That was a girl , not a man.
A gunna gunna A great ahorta.
Look at the measurements.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
Are you going to see him ? -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
Do you ... have a knife ?.
There 's an error on the registration form of the man they sent down below.
You can fix it , ca n't you ?.
You are a smartie.
Get it ?.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
It 's a green Studebaker-- 98 92 - -.
It 's no tennis club either.
Nice place.
It was parked at the university.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Throw it down to me , Cheetah.
Answer me honestly , Jane.
Pick up that ivory.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
You 're a fine watchdog.
The mystery 's all gone -.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
And the little friend of Nunheim 's , the frying - pan juggler , there.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
Just as in life.
Just as in life -.
Just as in life -.
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you.
Jeremy , we must not fail tonight.
She swore she wo n't do it again.
Dive in with your mess , lads.
This island is n't real for you and me.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
Go on and read it -.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
Now , I 'm speaking to you as a sister to a sister.
Keep that door locked till dawn.
Good night.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
Yes , I 'm married.
We are tendering this little surprise party for the ... Will you keep out of the kitchen ?.
Nickie , I 'm sorry.
We 'll start the New Year right -.
It 's his wife.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
You want me to stand out there while Nick might be in trouble ? -.
- It 's there next to the salt -.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
He knew that it had n't been fired.
Do you know that you 've got a nice voice ?.
You should know the British never surrender.
Four - and - a - half years of work , madame.
Tell me , M. Duvalle , exactly how did you arrive at this figure ?.
There 's something wrong with my car.
I 'll be through in a second.
I 'll be through in a second.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It 's changed into a string of pearls.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Death.
Now he 's innocent.
I tore it out of a law book.
I tore it out of a law book.
I do n't dare sign this , or I would probably get lynched myself.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Bill Chandler.
Take his arm -.
Read it -.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
They 've even met the woman.
I can explain that thing.
I asked him what he was going to do with the money.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
Grant 's tomb.
It 's a beautiful little town , too.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
Did you get that stuff ? -.
You listen to this - when we make an agreement , it is an agreement.
I got some presents for ya.
You kept it.
Let 's try it again from the beginning -.
I 'm anxious for Mr. Gordon to see this.
It 's more than an experience.
The second half he left to Jane , providing she was alive and could be induced to return to civilization.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
See the blood oozing through the cut in the glove worn by the murderer Left a distinct mark on the woman 's throat.
And bring this book as a present.
However , I have a few thousand francs I can spare -.
Is n't it the most beautiful day ?.
He drew nine three times.
Armand , he 's not to blame for what happened.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
I did n't open it , it was for you.
That 's nice.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
And what a hotel.
Let 's forget it.
If I may say so , sir , my favourite opera is Cavelleria Rusticana.
I should n't mind reading it in a novel.
It may be more than love , or less than love.
It may be more than love , or less than love.
I shall never play it.
Oh , I thought it was only a sub - committee meeting.
He said she had blonde hair , blue eyes , my figure and a slight foreign accent.
Are you still harping on that same old string ?.
I would be most honoured , Your Excellency.
I did it for my country.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
You heard me order it.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He says if we do n't let him and Pogey Williams and Alvin Savage ... join the Buffaloes ... - I 'll have to leave school -.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
He can buy more fish than you ever saw.
I read a book on it in Capt.
We laugh , we sing , so you smile now.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
I know it 's someplace.
Do n't look at me.
No apple dumpling.
See he does n't get on.
Slow work.
Not because I have turned botanist.
A party three days and three nights ?.
Nick , stop them.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
If I wanted to take the title away from you , I would n't spend 50 grand to do it.
Not while there 's a chance of getting that title from McGraw and Morgan -.
This ca n't be kidnapping.
There must be some connection between the plane and this place.
We have no money as you know it.
I saw a man whose life was empty ".
Maybe 'cause you 've always been part of Shangri - La without knowing it -.
I would n't believe it in England.
Think of it -.
We met them here on the train.
is it him ?.
Give it all up ?.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Do n't let it out.
Give it to it !.
Give it to it !.
It 's only Dopey -.
Was it a dragon ?.
Was it a dragon ? -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
Off with its head -.
Chop it to pieces.
It covers three beds.
Promise me you 'll think nothing of it.
Pity ?.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
It 's time we put an end to this ! -.
Lady Marian ? -.
Well , my lady , I have had a nip of ale of a night , just now and again at a place in the town and I wo n't deny as some of the others were there.
Tell me , when you are in love , is it well , is it hard to think of anybody but one person ?.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
I 'm too hot -.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
Suppose the cops get hold of this book ? -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
And a poison -.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
You said it before.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Because I 'm not a mug.
-You wanna make something out of it ?.
He deserves it.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
You bought it ?.
It was a free - for - all.
I have reference to a mark on the ball.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
June.
But do n't you think it 's a good idea to go back ?.
I asked you to leave.
I swear , Sorgues said nothing.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
Play it , Neddie.
Julia was a girl and it seemed hopeless.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
He needs it.
I 'm sure Julia understands what I 'm getting at , do n't you , Julia ?.
I 'm sure Julia understands what I 'm getting at , do n't you , Julia ?.
He 'll be up in a minute.
I do n't think it matters a bit what I think.
I am a man of 58 years and speak from a long experience and observation.
If that position at the bank is still open I 'll be glad to take it.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Huger aims not to be carried off by anything but drink.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
It 's mighty bad in the city , mighty bad -.
Ned Warrington 's got it.
You do n't find that admirable ?.
You swam the bayou ? -.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Heaven knows what the government will say about it.
Are you an artist ?.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
Worm in a jar.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Taste it.
Everyone 's talking about it.
It 's hers.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
It 's in my throat.
It 's in my throat.
See if Rheba has enough sauerkraut -.
Kind of funny , is n't it ? -.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Polly Wolly Doodle ?.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
They told me that a man with your record would never go straight.
Well , I get crazy when I think there was another guy , maybe , or ... or something , or ... Well ... Let 's skip it , huh ?.
And the screws would n't answer no questions.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
" Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
It 's a watch fob.
This is your responsibility.
I 'm apologizing.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
That 's very nice , but I ... - Lois should get some sleep anyway -.
A glass of water -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
When Phil was trying to get money out of him ... I found we spoke the same language.
Now , I take out my money.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Get goin' , son.
Do n't let me interfere with your dinner , ma'am.
About the size of a pie -.
It 's got beer on it.
- That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
It 's a mighty fine thing when a man realizes he 's wrong ... and tries to correct it in a nice way.
I 'll get you something to eat.
He got it from his uncle Admiral Will Hamilton of Savannah who married his cousin Jessica Carroll of Carrolton who was his second cousin and akin to the Wilkeses too.
It 's over !.
I should 've committed robbery to get that tax money for you.
I always wanted to be like her , calm and kind and sadly , I 've turned out disappointing.
But I will come back.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
Lean forward and go with him.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I wanted you desperately but I did n't think you wanted me.
Give that to me !.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Let me read it to you , Mr. Holmes.
The window ?.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
Come on get some clothes we 'll find out.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
Turn me sick with horror to see it struggling and the sound of its screams ... What 's that ?.
Good night , dear.
What 's the matter with the Hunchback ?.
I did n't know there were women like that.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
Wait , wait.
We 've been waiting , it 's been four months and we 're just where we were when we started.
Look to starboard.
And I 'll ride up the capitol steps if I feel like it.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Spray painting , lead painting.
I 've never seen this before -.
I 've never seen this before -.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
Just a little knob.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
Comrades , once and for all , we are in Moscow.
At least the May Day parade is over.
Tell us , Ninotchka -.
Tell us , Ninotchka -.
It may hide in the shadow of a minaret.
- Clem came to wish me happiness -.
It was expected she might die as her father did , was n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
Joe !.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
I slipped on the porch -.
Stop it !.
He shall be recalled.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
Even in my retreat , news came of that silver armor of yours.
Now we must go and talk of Ireland.
You challenge me to go ?.
Essex , thinking himself forgotten turned against you , but it was n't his fault.
Are you so set on dying ?.
The crowd has invaded the airfield and wants to break through.
He was going to risk his life.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
That 's the way they teach you in dancing school.
They 've played it every time we 've danced.
I wo n't do it anymore.
Mr. Standing sent to another post for help ... but they ca n't get here in time , so after dark tonight ... he 's coming with a few men to try to rescue you.
Never heard of it.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
We shall be about here for a day or two.
There 's an established custom in dealing with those matters.
I hear a beat How sweet !.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
I should 've thought of it for you.
Remember me your old pal , Hunk ?.
A manicurist ?.
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
I 'd be glad to wear it for an evening gown.
Mary , you poor darling , I could die for you.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
Then another time it turns into a kitchenette.
You start thinking about that $ 25,000 , or even the $ 5,000 ... - Or anything -.
I demand an explanation , and it had better be good.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
Some scientists think that great droughts and earthquakes turned the whole world into a gigantic dustbowl.
They 'll blow his head off if he goes out West with that flea incubator.
Might have been a pigeon -.
Joseph Panello.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Right.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
This is my land !.
Picking oranges and peaches ? -.
We got bread to make sandwiches.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They know he got hit in the face.
I 'm playing the 12 - ball for the side pocket and the blue ball 's right in the way.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
they would n't believe it.
This one is falling apart.
in a dark chamber my heart is awake it sleeps and waits , wondering where the dream may carry it do you hear , my heart ?.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
I only hear the queen 's voice , like a dark melody a new poem , Riccio ?.
you 've come , Maria I knew it could n't be finished with us my poor friend do n't look at me I have become ugly you wo n't be able to love me any more it 's smallpox does it hurt ?.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
She wo n't be able to be away from the paper any longer.
It 's Bruce 's money and I want it back.
You 'll find your money in the wallet.
Look at me , Hildy -.
You ruffian !.
You could get the letter.
And she threatens to turn it over to the prosecution.
It appealed to me.
It appealed to me.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
Tell him and have done with it.
Well , the principal item is that letter of Leslie 's I mentioned to you.
A cigarette burn.
Swordplay is such a violent business (.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
It 's queerer than that.
A nice story for Spy , incidentally.
Without that , you might as well be made of bronze.
It 's after 4.
And some clothes.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
Tell me , what did you think of my wedding present ?.
You forget I am out of it.
Liz ... You see , it really was n't Tracy at all , Mr. Kittredge.
Thorpe , you will at least show the proper respect for my ministers.
Bring the drinks.
Sure , Bijou is only a little bitty baby.
Uh , nothing.
You ca n't get the Navy out of your heart and your blood , honest you ca n't.
I can buy two dozen of these cigarette boxes at Miklos Brothers.
It 's quite a bit of money.
Sir , for several days your attitude toward me seems to have changed -.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
You ca n't send it back now.
Do n't get hot -.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
That door it opened -.
The doors made me do it.
It was my dog -.
Move its legs , or arch its neck ?.
I 'm the king of birds !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
It was in my house you were cared for , to sleep your sleep ... and dream to its end ... your first dream of love.
This morning 's front page ?.
I 'll call Mr. Bernstein and have him put off my appointments till noon.
You 're a success.
Come on , eat it.
It comes from Trinidad.
Give it to me -.
I have to give it to her personally.
I have to give it to her personally.
We wo n't take no for an answer -.
He 's not to be disturbed -.
No , but it has essence of guinea fowl.
It 's only a dud dead -.
Look , it 's full of powder.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
You know how he was before he went into Watson 's malady ?.
You 'll never get rich ... I know the song.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
We had to do it.
Pleased to meet ... All right , come on.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Then straight to Mrs Tossal the Shop , for that toffee which you could chew for hours , it seems to me now.
I have been busy with the union.
Our son is a scholar.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
He wo n't do it.
He wo n't do it.
I think I 'm going to have to tell a coroner to go to blazes , Sid.
I shall be able to have the money for you at , say , 10:30 in the morning.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
This wo n't do any good.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
There you are , sir -.
I 'll just take £ 500.
And , uh , Saul , you can instruct her how to deposit it -.
Mr. Stokes , care of the post office at Lyme Regis -.
I have no desire to enter a cave after a trapped animal ... even though I know you have no weapons.
Now you 're being sensible -.
Pull It In.
Hand it out through the venthole.
Hand it out through the venthole.
There It Is.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Best thing in the world.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
Well , gentlemen and ladies we have our murderer.
He 's been worrying himself half - crazy over you , Ben.
Tom says I was to give it to you.
Ai n't I kept money for you ?.
I ca n't tell you.
It 's like a box , and you can hear music and voices coming right out of it.
There 's lots of it on the bottom.
Elliott 's already sent a runner for some -.
Supper ready ? -.
Supper ?.
That 's the fourth time you 've taken that same load to town and brung it back.
Hundred dollars for the year.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
I ai n't stealing it.
Did you hurt the car much ? -.
Say , you wanna buy a brand - new automobile cheap ? -.
You wo n't ever see no poorer farm.
This could n't be a diamond bracelet , could it ?.
To my dear , sweet Sheila ".
Like it ?.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
This happens to be my apartment.
I think it 's a fine play.
I think it 's a fine play.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 've been reading the most brilliant play with an enchanting part in it for you -.
Why , Miss Stanley , a Christmas gift for me ?.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Inflato ? -.
Give it another whirl , Ollie.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play it , Sam.
Sam -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
The " wow " finish.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
All right.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ ♪ It 's not my watch you 're holding ♪.
I wrote this just for you , honey.
That 's the girl.
I 'll pay you tomorrow.
I did n't like it.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
Craig 's a lawyer.
Ask no questions.
Besides , it is Stanley 's car.
He 'd still be alive.
Good night.
Craig , I 've got a favor to ask of you.
You see , he was going to wash it , but ... - Oh , Stanley , it was n't.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
do n't strike my life down twice , dear.
Get up , aunt Fanny ! -.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Gloria ... I wo n't say it again , Gloria.
At your service.
She 'd actually pawned her bracelet for money.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
It 's despicable.
Did you find them ?.
Make a note of it.
Meet me outside ? -.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
We promised to meet Deb for dinner.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
$ 99,000 is a lot of money.
I mean , sex did n't even enter into it.
Oh , no.
In cash , maybe ?.
My sister and your brother.
It would be wonderful for him.
They want to bake a ... I do n't know what to say.
I 'm afraid I 'm ... There 's no use trying to conceal it now.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
You know about Gerry 's decision ?.
I wanted to prove that you could look Pittsburgh in the eye and laugh at him.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
You need care , and you need doctors that understand your case.
Sam 's all right.
I ca n't believe it.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
" ' Mr. Charles Rainier " '.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
It may sound outrageous to you , but it 's not a sudden impulse.
Better leave word who to notify in case there 's any suddenness.
He 's singing to you , Lumpy.
I knew her.
Bolt the faceplate home.
He was with us at the fire.
I got caught in this storm.
You think they got the place spotted ?.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
Just keep in touch.
So I said , the first vacation I get , I 'm going to see the Statue of Liberty.
This is Miss Eberli.
Dr. Tobel has disappeared.
I 'll take him to the car.
Tell me what Christopher means.
This calls for action and lots of it.
I just cashed out.
My uncle must have signed it.
Take it off.
Beet soup with sour cream.
As soon as I finish my course in American cooking ....
With an egg in it.
Why ca n't 100 policemen find one man with a bad ankle ?.
Bracken 's alive.
Still looks like Africa to me.
Did you tell that fellow to walk out of my soliloquy ?.
Sweetheart , darling , I love you.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Look here , darling , why do n't you forget about this tonight and try to get some sleep ?.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
It was sealed in this tube and vacuum.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
For a moment I thought you were the monster.
That book telling the history of the family had a hint in it.
That their ancestors were balmy ?.
See , Tess is my wife.
You 've got to see the doctor.
You got ta stay off your feet , you know ... Tess , I hope it 's a boy -.
Be not moved in your devotion.
Hand it over.
Send a man forward to secure the bulkhead.
And then could we please be sailors ?.
It 's an innocent animal.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
Sending me back is unfair.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He lost his job.
Just sit over there.
So the bridge is nothing.
He catches rabbits.
Primitivo , climb up that rock as high as you can.
Can you make it to Navacerrada ? -.
You slept well !.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
No surrender ! ".
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Do you think Martha will like it ? -.
Insulin produces a state of coma.
I do n't mean believe in it like believing in a religion.
I do n't mean believe in it like believing in a religion.
He 's even used a copy of the Daily Planet.
That money belongs to Miss Cowan.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
Waco , get some cans and some ropes from the tank.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
It takes its own time.
Let me take your place for a while.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
You hit it right on the nose.
Because it is a 100 - to-1 shot.
I like to travel.
Drink all you can find !.
Roll in it !.
I think tunes jump from head to head.
You fold it over here at the side.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
But you had to speak them when you 're brother Geoffrey took over.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
Her mind.
I 'll kiss the book on it.
She must have changed her mind.
It 's a burial crypt.
It 's a burial crypt.
Stay where you are.
We told you , you were taking an awful risk.
Obviously Watson , one of 'em died before passing on the meaning of the ritual to his heir.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
That will be five hundred dollars.
Interesting piece.
Look at that tree.
Look at that tree.
And as I found life at your breast he 'll find life at mine.
It is only a dream.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
Ratty old chair , ai n't it ?.
British Museum will still be there (.
You like it ?.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
Do n't be cryptic , darling.
I picked it up quite by accident.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
You know what 's going to happen to him ?.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
This is Mortimer Brewster.
He does n't live with us.
Cross my heart and hope to die.
I 've tried it before--.
Maybe we 'd better go to your house , huh ?.
I 'll climb up and I 'll see -.
Now , do n't be frightened.
Because , properly detonated , it would blow up this entire city.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
He must have given me the wrong key -.
I 'll handle this -.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
You 'll never live that one down , general.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
Indian !.
It was so becoming to you.
What killed my son ?.
It 's a germ.
Lend me your car for a while ?.
Accident and double indemnity.
You said it was n't an accident.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
I ca n't go on like this.
We were at Lake Arrowhead.
X is equal to negative P half plus or minus the root of P half in square minus Q the tangent one half ( Alpha plus Beta ) ... If the cocoa is not sweet enough for you ... It 's fine , it 's fine.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
A drink ?.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
This morning -.
There is an attic under the roof.
I 'm afraid the pin is not very strong -.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Why was it taken down before ?.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
I swear I have n't.
We should n't have come tonight , but she was so anxious.
- The gas just went down -.
But he was here.
I saw him.
Look into my eyes.
Get it and cut me free.
Be quick , Paula.
Get me the knife.
And I have lost it -.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
Where could it be , now ?.
- Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
This is between him and me.
It 's not charity.
It 's not charity.
He was n't interested.
Would n't even look at it.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
You see , it 's not just the type of song that a guy would ... Pardon me , Father , that a gentleman ... would croon to his babe , if you know what I mean.
I 'll quit.
A great number were taken prisoner and brought before the consul.
I forgot to erase it ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
You do love him.
" On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
You know how it is , Lieutenant.
Laura , take a look at this.
I believe you presented him with a cigarette case on his last birthday.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Waldo heard Shelby running from the next room so he hid in the stairway outside.
I 've always admired mink.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
They 're nothing but H2O with a trace of sodium chloride.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
During this time , " Porin " , the second Croatian opera , was written.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
Stanley , we 've got to uphold the rights of human beings.
Stanley , we 've got to uphold the rights of human beings.
Get the meat -.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Good boy , you got it.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
Leave it alone.
And now , gentlemen and Christopher if I may trouble you to climb out on the ledge outside this window.
I have him under lock and key.
Reach into the inside pocket of that coat that you 're about to throw aside.
Are all the objects of art in this room connected with your protective system ?.
Extraordinary thing.
Extraordinary thing.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
And there 's too much china , Watson and too little plaster , which leads me to suspect that the greater conceals the less and if the china was smashed to cover up the plaster.
Borgia Pearl ... Here we are , sir.
You are n't even worth half the wages you earn.
He 's addressing a meeting of the Royal Canadian Occult Society at a Quebec hotel.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
I 'm sure Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in a village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Tanner sleeps here when he 's in La Morte Rouge.
Watson have you ever stopped to think that the science of detection is very much like stringing a hand full of beads ?.
I do n't like him -.
There was no money on him or in his wallet.
They 're not so hot , either.
You 're not sore , are you ? -.
Get over by his head.
Well , it said coffee on the bag.
It 's breaking your heart because you know a couple.
Your records are old.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
Listen.
Hurry up !.
- Did you hear a shot ? -.
I do n't know about such things , but I imagine it was fired from a.45 or something in that general field -.
Give me the police department , please.
I found her on the floor.
Peter Berton painted it.
Draque offered 500.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
I 'll just make some cocoa to quiet their nerves.
Are you telling me that there pretty lady is a skunk ?.
Some friend of this belly - bustin ' gunman , I take it.
The money.
If they 've got a corpus , you 're delict.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
No mortal cold , Sally.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
Mr Craig , I can only say the more incredulous the doctor becomes the more I believe you -.
I remember the date , because it was Peter 's birthday '.
Just a little birthday present.
Well , when I was dressing this evening , just as I was tying my tie , What do you mean , " wrong " ?.
The only thing to do is to try not to look in it at all.
Do you remember that Chippendale mirror I bought here 3 months ago ?.
I am not accustomed to solving complex problems with the careless ease of your Brains Trust.
Same old story ? -.
No , really , a small room is fine.
I bumped into a man carrying some baskets a little while ago.
I 'll throw it away -.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It 's I , George.
It 's I , George.
May I come in and play it to you ?.
Well , darling , I 've just been asleep.
it 's awfully late , George.
Send for a cab , will you ?.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It acted like a thuggee cord.
It 's a method of very swift and silent murder -.
I open next week.
Netta , it is n't a waltz.
It belongs to the concerto.
It belongs to the concerto.
Play it once.
When two ... When two lips Breathe aflame This is our moment For gay love.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Netta ... it 's not true , is it ?.
It 's obvious my dear Watson , since Mr. Davis was not at dinner , Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
Oh but Mr. Holmes , there 's no need for you to stay at the inn.
You 'll find him like the others , a corpse.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
No fingerprints were listed under the name of Francisco Ruiez.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
-We found the typewriter and checks.
Every person who entered or left the store was being photographed by FBI agents from an office directly across the street.
Stay there while he puts it into code.
On second thought , it wo n't be flattery.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
Turkey.
Come here and sit down.
If you were having the baby , you 'd love it.
This is Ruth Berent.
You ever lie in your bed , looking at the window ?.
Is it dawn or is it dusk ?.
Find my coat.
You had another bottle.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
You know that stuff about pink elephants ?.
It 's dead.
Give it to me !.
Get rid of it that way.
I am on a holiday.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
Pick out something you like , and I 'll play it for you.
Da da da da , da da da da , doo Yeah , it has bounce- A diminished ninth , too.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
Quit it , will you , Max ?.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
You would n't know love if it hit you in the face !.
Are you blind ?.
I thought I heard the doorbell.
I 'm sorry you have to go ... Bye - bye , Dear -.
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ....
Chris steal ?.
2000 dollars ... on your life.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
You know Adele ... What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
Here 's 140 dollars that was taken out of her pocketbook.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
But it does n't happen like that , in a day.
It was like lightning striking.
Go on and try to recall the details.
It was n't Angel Valley.
Chew these sulfur pills.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
You 'll find it.
It does n't double - cross you.
Are n't we dressing for dinner at your mother 's house tonight ? -.
Go and consolidate your position.
I wanted a couple.
It is stupid of me.
It is selfish.
Jamie Jamieson.
Feels fine.
Feels fine.
Anna 's gone out.
It often is.
Never use drugs.
That window in the empty house across the street , first floor front.
It 's open.
Little specks of light that move and move.
Let 's walk a little , Mr. Holmes.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I wanted to return it to the dentist.
A very important man to the Germans.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
Belle ?.
I 'm going to be married.
Cellist , yes -.
I saw it when you came in.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
And , well , Hollenius wants to put him back into the darkness.
Forgive me.
He broke it.
Frankie Olins had it.
He took it from a shiny red bank truck two days before Christmas.
I remember that street -.
Yeah , you.
I found it , Lloyd !.
Come and dig it !.
Come and dig it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Get off !.
Get off it !.
Get off !.
It 's mine , I found it !.
I 'm a collector you know and a collector buys but never sells.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
You on to something ?.
Presumably , these are the first and second portions of the message.
Women and gambling do n't mix ".
The answer is no -.
Close it.
Tom , this is the Hotel Centenario -.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
I should have called him yesterday.
No charge.
Look at this.
This is a pickle , George.
George , was it a nice wedding ?.
Where 's that money , you silly , stupid old fool ?.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Said he died.
It comes from the desert.
I got them washed for free [.
Were you ? -.
I ... Never turn down a good offer.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
However , now that you 've got it off your chest ... - Kennedy.
Then maybe God will forgive us and maybe it 'll help square us.
That 's what gives me the chance to do what I want.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
- Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
I 'm lunching with a duke on Sunday and I 've told my doctor he must put me to rights by then at all costs.
Look at me , Larry.
Called the Cellar.
That was some drop- two million bucks.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
And here was this big chunk of dough floating'around loose in this country ... like a pair of dice at a firemen 's ball.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
He steals fried shrimps.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
I 'm Larry Cravat.
You wo n't get the money !.
You wo n't get the money !.
is it the same as killing a man ?.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
Mr Potter asked me to deliver this -.
Was the key ever out of your possession ?.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It 's broke , the record , in the middle.
Make her give it to me , Mr. West.
It 's a 500 ?.
It 's a 500 ?.
Take it.
Take it.
You believe in Santa Claus ?.
One con 's gon na buy his way out.
Tom !.
The Krauts turned all their guns to stop us.
The plan 's a flop.
Tell me about the Indies , señor.
Have the boy bring my animal too -.
Take the ring back -.
The Indians have no steel.
You may think that anyone can lay a hot iron on an open wound.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
It 's a peaceful mission -.
The cops may be on their way right now ! -.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
Sam said you could afford $ 200.
Used it in the last war.
It 's time for the bandages to come off.
I think I even like you better.
I did n't see any car !.
That 's no evidence.
I was up for the Navy cross.
Well , well -.
Better you put that coat on , liebling.
Liebling , you are my man.
They suspect , Otto -.
Here we stand under your beautiful old plane - tree by this small avenue which branches off from my street and leads only to you.
Do n't scratch it out.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Do n't act dumb.
A problem with the engine ? -.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
May I write it down ?.
I published it in November 1940.
It 's perfectly safe tonight.
Peter , do n't pull the cat 's tail.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
We can go to the lawyer 's now -.
Colonel brewton , How much cattle range do you control ?.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
You 're really fond of sam and selina hall.
This country , I 'm sick to death Of talking about this country.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
Have you read the morning paper ? -.
It 's an oldie.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's just a razorblade.
There it is.
We met before.
You 're wearing the earrings.
Live a little , Ziggy.
I do n't feel it.
Who gets the bone ? -.
Eve 's Fifth Avenue , I think -.
She is n't wearing it anymore -.
She is n't wearing it anymore -.
I 'm very interested in murders.
-At Murcia.
-At Murcia.
He was a Franco spy.
You 've been travelling the world too much to find out about it.
He talked about suicide.
You ca n't escape it or fight it.
My husband wrote that thing and got you to sign it for him.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
In a few seconds it 'll be too late ... Alright , kill me !.
Sit down.
My love ... - Look at my neck.
Nature went mad that day , Boris.
Oh , what 's the use ?.
It was my fault , Joan.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She 's run away.
And now let us proceed to a luncheon we have prepared for you.
That used to be the largest department store in Berlin.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
I was washing my hands when he asked me to give it to you.
Strike a match.
Sergeant Major O'Rourke , you will pardon me for speaking bluntly.
Aye , madam , it is common.
Yet once methought it lifted up its head as it would speak.
- And fixed his eyes upon you ? -.
This skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty year -.
Hurry up , Bruno.
Hurry up , Bruno.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
Have n't I repeatedly told you not to cut up the paper until I 've read it ?.
Not a bad - looking house.
You look at it.
You look at it.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
I think you 'd better get in touch with Mr. Apollonio.
For $ 1300 , they can live in a house with three bathrooms and rough it -.
Three weeks now at $ 4.50 a foot -.
Gussie , I spend eight hours every day trying to cram this stuff down the throats of millions.
Not a cold , antiseptic , hospital white -.
Now , for the powder room in here , I want you to match this thread.
Why be a piker , Mr. Tesander ?.
Take it on , Gumbo.
Take it on , Gumbo.
He 's trying to trick you , make a fool of you.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
Get away , Matt.
It 's me , Matt.
It was nothing I ever heard before.
You better put those away in my chequebook drawer behind the box.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
It wo n't work.
Brandon , we 've got to hide it -.
Answer it , Phillip.
Had to take it for six months -.
Well , thought maybe I could fix you up with a car.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I guess Alvin wo n't get his sweater for Christmas.
You see , I have a similar appointment in an hour.
- What is it ?.
It was renounced by its owner quite some years ago.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
Take it your way.
It all depends on whether or not the guy who finds it is the right guy.
Only gold shines and glitters like that.
It 's just like plain sand.
Open the sluice gate.
I 'm gon na kick you in the teeth.
Off our claim.
married up.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
He could hear it , and he could feel it.
This heat of Rome oppresses me.
Think of this , a sword is like a bird.
Take my car.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
However , it seems to me that this hill , Ed Duda , is a key position.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
You once said you had a plan.
It 'll outlive us.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
May I compliment you once again on this most beautiful palace ?.
Oh , to be a painter !.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
True personality.
Ariane , is this yours ? -.
There 's a mine shaft at the end of these cables.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Grisha !.
It will last a lifetime.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
But Anne 's way of living is better than ours , and I have to face it.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
All I 've got ta do is find my lipstick.
Manion 's case , a soldier it is only natural that he would turn to action.
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
Then I have to remove the detonator.
Tingler.
So that if it can die , it will.
I think it 's the ignition.
And love is the morning and the evening star.
I 'll not fight like a gladiator !.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
The dark cloud.
The dark cloud.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS THE MIDDLE GROUND BETWEEN LIGHT AND SHADOW.
WELL , IT 'S J UST LIKE M IN E..
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
But I was n't coming home until I 'd finished the novel.
Your next stop , the twilight zone.
I was given a pearl necklace.
It 's a bit far , but I must ask you to accompany me to Gojiin - gawara.
We have this major who makes us stand reveille every morning , rain or shine , which gives you an idea ... If we kept it on the move , it 'd sound like a lot of jeeps.
You see , I am writing a novel instead of doing historical research.
She was so alive.
Did the crown smell good ?.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
And just as Antony had foretold the forces of Octavian came to meet them on the spot where they landed.
Be happy ".
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
It wo n't open.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
Tomorrow at dawn , the flying circus of my personal pilot , Miss Pussy Galore , will spray it into the atmosphere.
The mask wo n't come off !.
Relics of a by - gone age.
We have to start from scratch.
I have to send you off to your flea- bitten war.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
Lf , of course , there are facts not included in your confidential report which point to Fennan 's suicide for reasons other than his interview with you , I shall be happy to hear about them.
Do you want me to manufacture a lie ?.
I think it 's an art for young people.
At the first opportunity buy two or three branded whiskey bottles.
You just want me to have this flower ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
It absorbed all the atomic energy and is stronger than ever ?.
You think this Companion can do anything.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
So it is to sterilise.
I 've seen old photographs of this period.
He never had a chance to fire.
You have a marvellous garden , Makino.
You can always fall back on the firing squad.
The hypo that I gave him should last for about one hour.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
It has a point like a pencil.
Turn it on.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
Now get out.
It 'll mimic all the symptoms of Beck 's bacteria.
That parrot is definitely deceased.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
You take it.
As it was addressed to you , sir , I thought you might like to have it.
At the zoo.
It ca n't live with any other animals.
They know about you on the ground.
It 's cancelled.
It kept licking at a dead man 's face.
Only ten dead , Connor.
It 's one of the red queen 's hats.
If we kill them all now he 'll have a bad time once then get over it Alright then So let 's start with this one God , it 's dumb It 's dead.
Well , he 's pining for the fjords.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
Look at it.
And I say the richest citizen of Appleby has to do his duty.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
You hate it , but I love it.
Set the dials on zero.
Follow the trolley bus.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
you see , the toad likes it.
A coffin fell on me -.
The camera is up high.
We have developed a cheese sandwich that can withstand An impact of up to 4,000 pounds per square inch ?.
Your brother left some things in the bunkhouse.
Yet the body dies.
I 'd feel naked without it.
Must be in the fuel line.
I found a lid.
The original driving license.
Stay back from the train till it stops.
The ceremony that goes so far back no one knows when it began.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
To get rid of it.
Mariners have searched for it for centuries.
I have found refuge in a place where the presence of a man is a sacrilege.
You know , it 's a hell of a nuisance , all this damn paperwork.
This place is against life.
12,000 feet.
You 're family.
Look at that coat.
I have my own advertising slogan : Try me.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
When we break free , we will be thrown approximately 5.698 light - years.
The church is empty.
Morning , Fawlty -.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
They kick you out after 22 years , they ought to have a brass band.
The soul is sick and tired Of its too solid shell , With ears , mouth , eyes The size of a nickel coin And skin all scarred and diced , Spread over a skeleton.
We just ate -.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
You 're supposed to be up here by now.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
We found the bomb !.
Bastard !.
Cute act.
It 's a ponderosa.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
I 've found an apartment.
Democratic , it grows everywhere.
You can eat it raw or cooked.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
After you leave the temple , you must teach this Fist set ... to Yan Yongchuen.
We organised a surprise for Etienne.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
My husband was ... Is German.
I 'm moving in with you -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
And it 's got bad plumbing and bugs.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
It called his name.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
They 're lucky to get wine.
Why do you wear that cowboy hat ?.
It 's a huge snake with red scales.
We picked the wrong profession !.
If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage.
It is my intention to seek out that remaining colony ... that last outpost of humanity in the whole universe.
That means you or Eddie Mars dragged Geiger 's body out of here and hid it.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
Frank , this is Dr. Forest -.
He does n't have to.
That plastic fruit.
I 'll go tell my dad No one 's told me about it.
Hyzenthlay can run.
YOU MISSED YOUR CALLING.
Assuming they 're at factor four , the computer should tell us where they are.
The 21st map.
Get her up , get her up ! (.
electronic voice ) Yes , I can hear you.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Does the world really exist ?.
we 've seen it.
we 've seen it.
He think he 's a pilot , still fighting the war.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
We know Mama 's sewing machine.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
I read the file -.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
Drive the car ! -.
The art of security is a lot like a magic act , Mr. Hunter.
They found Rambo 's body.
I did the necktie scene.
Your Highness , I read there was a dispute over the ownership of the Pink Panther.
I saw it with my own eyes going out of the window.
'Cause when its all over , you boys are just gon na be hung out to dry in that town.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
I think Mandelstam will have a heart attack.
Vicki , can I help you with that Kool - Aid ?.
Find out where Largo 's boat is at the moment.
The effects are indistinguishable from the American medium - yield bomb.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
We 're all proud of Gus Grissom.
This corn is raw !.
It 's so crisp -.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
-We've counterfeited the passes.
If I do n't fulfill my mission , I 'll be killed.
Then somebody else was drivin ' that boat on the way out.
From this world , I suspect.
Take a look at the top of your bat , DiMaggio , and do n't make it look obvious.
The film was virtually complete the day of the explosion.
Poor Fred.
They say I have to rewrite the opera.
Leave the bird alone.
The white Lamborghini is vanished , but there 's a red one behind me honking its horn.
A storm is coming.
I did n't make any modifications.
Willie , can you help me change the bag ?.
I got some life down here , boys.
At the Rexford Palms Hotel , apparently , flat on my back.
I 'm going to enjoy rubbing your nose in this someday , Keyes.
I did n't see the skateboard.
Billy red - lined that vial through analysis -.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
Has n't got a name -.
They have used a liver with cancer and stewed it with curry sauce.
And then destroyed the evidence , because he was gon na turn it over to the I.R.S. Ca n't you people make up your minds ?.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Well , the last wall we built , could n't fortify it so we had to be real careful about hiding it.
40 meters in , bearing 221 , there should be a stairwell.
This service tunnel must be how they move back and forth.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
A fly got into the transmitter pod with me that first time when I was alone.
No , we need a field near a natural water source.
And third , we wish a school to be endowed.
I 'm Michelle Wilson.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
But I had no idea it had mysterious powers.
Do n't you love this music ? -.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
It 's dormant.
It 's dormant -.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
Does Al have a sock drawer ?.
You stole our dog !.
Take it , it 's yours.
Only maintenance you 'll ever have is to wash it down twice a year with a hose.
Now that you have come to me , I entrust the Korê wing to you.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
It 's not that dangerous when it bites , but it will poke.
I did it with mirrors.
A member of the Phoenix Foundation.
It frees us from burden , takes care of our needs.
Not on your ring finger.
I just ca n't wait to talk to that cemetery custodian.
This bottle of digitalis , was it empty ?.
Syringe ?.
Syringe ?.
All the free food you can eat.
We had a little accident.
I have n't finished it.
In Paris , Monsieur.
It was a puzzle box.
YOU had to go and get your head together.
Must repair wiring to memory.
Give it to me !.
Give it to me !.
We 're going to find her.
How 's the patient in 5A doing ?.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
Take that apple out of your mouth.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
The fiance , Charles Loverton - West.
To Pipe it knew it in India.
But tell me ... The window where you found the body ; it was in the back of the library , overlooking the garden , yes ?.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
It has limited capabilities -.
I 've inhibited almost all activity in the neocortex.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
I 'm not a Klingon.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
I 'll take it.
I understand that you are in charge of the remains from the night of the massacre ?.
I was in charge.
It was logged in as a B file.
Down by the river.
I 'd say this an evil ghost The odor is very strong It 's back !.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
It is too tight , is it ? -.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
I have no desire to remain here.
Look around.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
My brother gave it to me before he went to jail.
I lent them money.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
Did you read her letter ?.
We are cheerful and are happy together.
I wanna give you something.
The car 's gone.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
In my country , shoe salesmen are laughed at by beggars and the feeble.
Notice the perfection of the line , and rhythm of movement : " of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
My wife died quite some years ago.
Take it without anyone seeing you.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
See , I was at a ... - ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Manny'll drive you to your dorm.
I never saw it before.
Hammer that rod into place.
The sauce was excellent.
Well , then , we 'll do this song.
We could steal a newspaper and use their TV section.
Tell your friends.
It ca n't handle the interface of your converter.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
The probe is moving with us , holding relative position.
She has the right to leave.
I hope Cmdr La Forge and Capt Picard agree.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
You found my parasol !.
I know it 's weird , but if we follow the law , it just might save us.
You stay alert in there , will you ?.
I saw her on a bus.
The door was unlocked.
That 's a boy.
You need n't be alarmed.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
We 're going to see the gators , girls.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The classic form of attack must include these four weapons.
The dragon has a wing.
When thou dost ask me blessing I 'll kneel down and ask of thee forgiveness so we 'll live and pray and sing and tell old tales and take upon us the mystery of things as if we were God 's spies.
It was no ordinary hit - and - run.
It 's already passed your doorstep.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
Commander , can I talk to you ? -.
I 'll give you the chip our father made.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Do you have the chair , Commander ?.
Baltimore PD checked out Tooms 's apartment.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
BLACK BEAUTY : The bridge was flooded.
I bought a gun.
The car !.
What 's her last name ?.
He 'll really like the bird , I think.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
The plastic bag protects you from well - meaning rescuers.
I heard René le Florentin might like it.
There was no baby.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
I have few days left to me , but I will watch him until the end.
Now , I have to say I 'm especially proud of my first crane.
That 's my fantasy too -.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
Let me get out of your way.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
Look at it , Daddy.
beeping ] A signal buoy ... popped to the surface 10 minutes ago.
I 'm through !.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
I used that in the Aegean campaign.
I can adjust it to a frequency uncomfortable to them , drive them out.
It 's a two - man game.
The object could have been dangerous.
The real Molor died centuries ago.
Let me get rid of that candle.
I had to put the ink in the coffee pot to thaw it.
Throw me a spear !.
The fear 's too much for a duck.
You see this earth ?.
They have the latest readouts from the satellites.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
I 've just had a vacation with Len Bateson.
-I saw my name.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
There 's an air vent that leads directly to the chamber.
A Sanctuary District.
The probe 's telemetry has changed.
There may be a entity within the wormhole , curious about an intruder.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
You asked for them during your worst fevers.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
You stole the X-5 unit.
Die ! -.
Just put it down and I wo n't have to kill you.
You let it out , but you let it out at a pace the world can absorb.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
Next thing I know , here she comes across the track where tryouts are with this big , thick leather belt.
Mary , you 'll find an eel in the fish pantry.
No one knows who fed you this information.
I do n't like cats , but when my dog died , he gave me a cat.
A tank is deaf and half - blind.
This rock is limestone.
I 'm looking for a weapon that can be smuggled in , concealed easily and used to strike at our enemies , learn their secrets , perhaps even ... - ... destroy them from the inside -.
The Council has lost its way.
I 've given them the island of Celini.
The electro - whip is set to give an increasing level of pain each time it is used.
The place , Babylon 5.
Kudos on that hat joke.
You lock it up.
Can you tell me the significance of that line ?.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
He 's radioactive -.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
Here 's the location of the real bomb.
The bomb almost exploded.
We 've got EPS relays burned out all over the ship.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
Nice.
Nice.
It 's a work of art.
Look at the size of it !.
Take my own mezuza in that tree of yours up there.
Good.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Remember me with this.
When I was a child , I would come to this park and play.
You must learn to control it.
The missile 's fully programmed.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
Did you get my machine out of the warehouse ?.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
Your " gift " gave you a nervous breakdown.
It has been released.
One child is dead.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
Remember the nonaggression pact the Dominion offered Bajor a few weeks ago ?.
The only escape is inside.
We 'll end up in his cryostatic prison for decades.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
It flies at her , shrieking.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
The Goa'uld has won.
( Scully 's voice ) In med school , ... --I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced,"- _ .a dark stranger who takes up residence , ... _ .turning its new home against itself This is the evil of cancen " _.
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
I 'm throwing rocks tonight.
I tried to grab her reins and ... to get her horse to move out of the way.
It ran right into Judith , and ... And she just disappeared.
Begging your pardon , my lady , but that mirror in your bedchamber did you move it ? -.
I do n't think a lawyer will be necessary.
It 's just a star.
It 's got blood ! -.
By my reckoning ... Mars was visited by an alien species ... approximately one billion years ago.
Only in bed (.
He has heard your music and it is good.
I need to talk with you -.
- The man was a cheat -.
I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure ".
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Now , this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare , I assume.
Any of your people do anything to this link ?.
The willow is deceptively strong.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
It followed no rules.
We 've chosen this spot for a reason.
Bajor will be reborn.
I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless.
Want a cup ?.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
It 's just an organic one.
You want my address ?.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
The answer is out there , Neo.
It was a dream.
Find the chopper ? -.
We got a gun that was used in a homicide.
This movie has naughty language !.
May I leave this letter with you ?.
But there 's a place here called " Hemmeligheder " -.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
I was filming this dead bird.
Why do you suppose it ran off ?.
Look at my nose.
You measured it in meters ?.
Fuckin ' homegrown.
The car gave up the ghost.
Hear the Word of the Lord , Lord of the worlds whose anger was soothed by your prayers : The village of Polana will not be crushed by an iron rod , nor scattered like the desert sand.
Be sure about yourself be fore you blame others.
I went on the mission-- the one my mom told me about , the Borg sphere-- but it did n't work.
Somehow the beginning of the spell must 've been triggered.
Who 's got the upper hand ?.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
Daisy likes it -.
The Link is part of what we are.
Show him in -.
I 'm going to extract her cortical array.
This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
It happens.
The drill ... I remember the drill.
The last one tasted like bat 's piss.
Destitute.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
When I 'm through in Mombasa , I 'll pick up her cradle.
It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded.
No more hitting on the head !.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
The board meets once or twice a week , and we take up important issues -.
Can I take your nose and twist it till you turn blue ?.
Tyrone , this is a stolen car , mate.
I 'll find him , and you 'll help me find him.
This tree 's got duende.
So the 4x4 is yours ?.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
I am not your hero , your great guy.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Anyway , you must taste this wine.
It was neither shot by you nor recovered later.
Now we 're soul mates.
Get the movers -.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I think the spell is working.
The probe 's impulse thrusters are starting to fail.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It will adapt.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
The enemy has many spies in his service : Birds , beasts.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
It will drown !.
It will drown !.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
We 're getting help from Dad 's best man ?.
The crystal thrives on the collective emotions of all who came before us.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
As night fell ... the two voyagers arrived at the castle of the Marquis d'Apcher ... who had offered them refuge in the Gevaudan region ... for as long as their mission endured.
Now you , Harry , who have never known your family you see them standing beside you.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
Get back , son , you 're going to lose a limb now [.
I 'm billing you for that complimentary ice.
Yesterday , imagery Analysis delivered a file requested by Muir 's secretary to your office.
The fish from one of those very rivers of yours , eh , Captain Hastings ?.
-A thousand years , maybe.
It jumped !.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
That 's our task in the Rekill Research Laboratory , the former college of art for women.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
We 're losing main power.
When she came in " , I totally forgot about the camera.
The op - ed page is sad.
It 's not very mouth - like -.
The key still wo n't go into you.
Look , if you have a medical question , I 'm forced by hospital policy to answer you.
Maria has ten dicks -.
He works for you.
I even built a model of the probe.
Fortunately , I managed to stabilize it before there was any permanent damage.
Can I see you naked again ?.
She spent two years working on the gate prior to her five years of service at the SGC.
Gettin ' a little dirty for you , Maybourne ?.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
Nothing on or off world resembles the architecture.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
You see this , Agent Scully ?.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
WE CANNOT TRUST THE WEST.
You take care of this car ?.
FOR EXAMPLE , WHILE THE STUDENT BODY IS AWAY , E COMPUTER WILL SHUT DOWN ALL NON - ESSENTIAL SYSTEMS.
Jack Barnes.
Yeah , smartest guy I know , huh ?.
Are you in possession of my microfilm ? -.
In good conscience , I should say the custody hearing is probably a trick.
Jack , it 's Lloyd Bowman.
Now apologize for your mistake and tell me ... When do I get to go ?.
That particular item is not for sale.
I want to restart my career.
Hear the dog howl and come back !.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
You 're not fallen.
It 's dated last week.
This safehouse has saved me before.
I 'm a nibbler , right ?.
-I was in love with her.
It 's a time of magic , all right.
He can hurt me ... without his head exploding.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
We know how it kills.
Well , just take it back.
The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought after.
You still need to work on that alarm.
Well , good new is , who better to save a Leviathan than us , huh ?.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Find the problem , and fix it.
I wrote a song about the experience.
lt 's been non - stop.
You think the blast caused them ?.
If that was true , I 'd be dead by now.
-Toyota Camry.
And she is the go - get - shit - done piece.
There was no call.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
They say that sea urchin 's the ultimate acquired taste.
Fill that line in !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
Tell me about your dream.
The thin skin , that 's the Earth 's crust.
A revolution is n't a gala dinner.
If you had to choose.
We come flying out over the kerb ... and your old red Charger is there.
Is it the fan belt ?.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
Its body armour is five times more effective than the armour you wear now.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
And onto the plate lovely fish , with rice , onions , lemon , and a green sauce.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
And for 35 years , I used them honestly.
Look at this.
We found the bomb.
Jack Bauer is on the line as well.
What do you say to all those conspiracy theorists who come up to you and say : ' Does the moon really exist ? '.
I 've chartered a C-123 out of Shipman to transport the artifacts.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
Welcome to the big leagues , Angel.
I fought it once.
Piper 's club.
You can use the jet whenever you want.
Sugar 's in the sugar bowl.
After you.
Captain ... I 'm reading bio - signs on the planet.
You see the show ? -.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Quiet , green , gullible.
It is the only way to protect our people.
You 're not in a strong bargaining position.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
License and registration.
It turns on with a whistle.
I left it at school.
If that wizar had been Howl , your heart would have been eaten.
That is best suitable as a cane , is n't it ?.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
To answer your question the objection is in writing , signed by a number of members of the House of Representatives , but not by a member of the Senate.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
Because a bottle of wine is actually alive.
When the timer on the back goes off , your mouth will be permanently ripped open.
In line with the reefs.
If I 'm going to save your ass tell me where the container is and who you 're dealing with.
Come on , pick it up.
I 'm selling the apartment.
There you can see 19th century lobbyists , like Manual García and Beláustegui , or the latest heads of the public banking system , Pedro Pou , Macarrone and Colombo , administrators of a debt that was born in the 197 0s under the military dictatorship.
These are her musical scores.
Young brother , have you given up your authority as a husband ?.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
You understand me ?.
We ca n't get it open.
We have to narrow it down.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
You 've already killed over 25 people.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
I funded all the RD personally.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
The chair is intuitive.
I found the cipher.
We 're treating him with antibiotics , but he is deteriorating.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
I think it 's a combination to open the ark -.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
We have been forced to rebuild many times , never to our potential.
We have been forced to rebuild many times , never to our potential.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
Well , for one , the price of steel has doubled.
When I got out in ' 91 , the first thing I did was go looking for Lauren and Serene.
But cruel.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
Take it back to them.
The cape has less legs , let 's face it.
It has to do with the eclipse.
It must be lost.
You dimed me out -.
Maybe it 's here ... to provide shade.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
I wanted to tell you I got your letter.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
I ca n't compete with her.
Rougher ?.
This surveillance is terrible.
I traded it.
I saw a dog once.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
Why did it destroy the thunder ?.
It has never ended.
An old maid ... An old maid ?.
We do n't want it closing as soon as it opens , like Murder In Mayfair.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Tell me where the missile is.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
Baltar ) A Cylon logic bomb.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
The car 's disappeared.
Look at it.
Cup of tea -.
We 've left Gorlan Station and have set a course ... to rendezvous with our assault fleet.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Oh , then it is the Unified Field Theory.
Which reminds me -- your sneaker factory in Canada -- I have a sneaker factory in Canada ?.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
The allacco cabernet.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
The temple at Dakara is sacred to all Jaffa.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
It was the virus.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
-lt said .....
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
The mountain lion you shot did it have a collar around its neck ?.
Security guard clocked him leaving his office after midnight -.
The case is closed.
The Legion gets the comb.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Let her go ! -.
It 's ruined.
True enough , this compass does not point north.
Send the energy back.
It should remain literature , not political agitation.
- Talked to her before she died -.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
Your wallet.
Tell me about the stone.
I heard your trip went really well.
It stopped a bullet hitting me in the heart.
Look at this bible.
Astrid became the mother and sister I 'd lost.
Just concentrate on telling me about this film.
Be kind enough to call upon her , and send to me the bill ?.
I think you should go , Klara.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake.
If a frog jumps into a pot of boiling water , it jumps right out again because it senses the danger.
But the very same frog , if it jumps into a pot of lukewarm water that is slowly brought to a boil , will just sit there and it wo n't move.
all the strange things started to happen after writing the Recycle It 's because of this ?.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
The mass is malignant.
Back to the barn.
Have you tried turning it off and on again ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
It 's about the doll and the garage door.
It 's expired.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Lincoln ... It was him.
Dropped us off at Pastor Jim 's about three hours away.
The vaccine was in here !.
You can start removing Max 's liver.
There 's no reason for the Wraith to be interested in that planet.
Let me smell your neck , your breath , your hair ... After that long wait , when I thought I 'd lost you.
You do n't have to make it breakfast.
Pick it up !.
The work being done in this place is important , Eko.
Yes , if the math checks out -.
We have a zero - point module ... which does what we 're attempting on a smaller scale : Extract energy from subspace - time -.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , the right hand diamond is very popular these days.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Collaboration ?.
Hey , have you looked at that Cat Lady sketch ?.
I was just upset.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
Look , um ... Johnston , I love this town.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
This is Djaq from the Holy Land , Your Majesty.
He has no idea what 's happening in England.
I think it 's better to have someone.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
You know when you get a tune stuck in your head ?.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
The answer is no , and those who see the world through the eyes of the powerful , should be warned.
Kal - El , save me.
This conversation is over.
There 's that radar detector he tried to hide under the dash.
The next time Leland left town ?.
I heard you got the last plane out of marquis and I 've got to get Vinnie Chase and the Medellin crew there by tomorrow.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
I am not admitting a speed freak.
Pick ... pick a card.
Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice.
I just got a message from your father saying he 'd refused.
No , we never put anyone through directly to the vehicles.
I like the mask because it hides my face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
It 's for M. De Marigny , and was just handed to me.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
You need to come back tomorrow morning , 8 a.m. , when we 're open.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
Towards the end , the regime got scared because an opposition army had entered from Iraq.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Julia is safe with our cousins at Richmond.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
You 're about to implement another new strategy regardless of the human cost or the financial cost because you predict ... We thought deeply about the human cost when we planned this strategy.
Just inject the dye.
Strong magnet.
YOU GOT MY MESSAGE.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
You 're on with Bill Buchanan , sir.
It 's hitting the planet.
I own a farm.
You did n't really like the movie , did you ?.
Mistress Anne.
It spreads among the poor.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
We 'll leave English effects -.
It smelled awful -- Tasted worse.
I think about the Infield Fly Rule.
I 'm a leg doctor.
But the Monsterpus has loved us from afar since we were amoebas.
The formula must be destroyed.
Silly of me.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
It ca n't be bargained with.
It ca n't be bargained with.
That store there ....
I wanted other things.
Sit down.
The bra is called the Harlequin.
The laundry is out of the hamper.
He 's got two offshore bank accounts on a Sheriff 's salary.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
So I asked Donkey to turn the pump on for me.
Hang on a minute.
Brilliant.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
I 've still got your sonic pen.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
My masters will follow the example of Rome itself , an almighty empire , bestriding the whole of civilisation !.
The creature knows this territory well.
There 's no power.
It 's attached to a ceiling of intestines and blood vessels.
You 're a security guard.
Yeah , and the Lone Ranger did n't have a thing with Tonto.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Throw it out the window.
I , uh , ... have to count the atoms at the nuclear plant.
Well , for what it 's worth , the knitting group at St. Alma 's added him to the prayer chain.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
I 've always really liked this color.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
Look , Garrison , my wife did n't want a penis in the house.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
See that Lexus ?.
The Al communicates through images.
It sends humanoid machines back in time to eliminate anyone who 's a threat.
We climb inside the van.
Outstanding fire mission.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Maybe I should take him.
You took the cylinder.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
She was scared.
Politics is the art of the possible.
I wanted to help you.
Something I love about the Snowflake Ball.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
INSURGENTS WOULD HAVE USED AK-47 WITH 7.62 AMMO -- HAS MORE OF A " CRACK ".
OF YOUR NOVEMBER DOWNTOWN * I BOUGHT A PLANT.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
Joy is not acceptable.
It matches a description of General Grievous ' fighter.
A clever SS accountant- well , I thought I was clever at the time- was put in charge.
We have a girl named sienna burke over there.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
I found it in the downstairs bathroom.
You invaded our airspace.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The orca , or killer whale , is the king of the ocean.
Keeping people alive means fighting like a spy.
We have a subpoena for jack bauer.
We have to assume Dubaku is initiating another attack -.
I found the spoon.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
I see this liquor store across the street.
The dybbuk feeds on fear.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
I thought I had a ring.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
I fixed the garage door -.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
Just outside Paris , they spot the radar , slow down.
The bullet went straight through.
Now do n't forget , the clasp is broken.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
You could ask for the truth.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
S he never ever apologized.
Have you got the I5 software , Ianto ?.
Do not wear it !.
We were trying to stop the traffic in Russian dolphins , and it involved a hunger strike.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
Unfortunately our secret is no longer safe , the foolish Hobbit revealed his name.
This body appeared in Red Valley , New Mexico , in 1999.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
The door is locked , Michael.
E island is a mysterious place.
It 's called Labella 's.
Lady mary -.
Even when in cinema an already dead animal is used to underline human cruelty.
Have you even seen this show ?.
It 's about your boat -.
such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
You have a car repair kit ?.
You know what the Talmud says ? ".
Antihistamines as well.
He 's doing that ... -Yeah.
Then Tony McHenry was killed when it locked up on the racetrack.
I think my arm is broken.
You did this , the three of you !.
This particular chip has a transmitter , which makes it wireless.
Let me try to shut down the program.
Man , I 'd like to see her face , too.
We can apply plus one.
The liver started to degrade.
It 's called " What 's The Point ? ".
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
It 's no big secret.
What is the Crystal of Neahtid ?.
On the chair.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I do n't know what to do ... I often have this dream.
Then the cancer vanished.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
He 's the prophet that predicted the annihilation of the earth ".
Shaw , the storage yard is halfway across town.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Iori , you have to learn how to trust me.
Iori , you have to learn how to trust me.
Let there be honesty.
It is submitted , Your Honor.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
Lift him up.
Paul McVee is a fine reporter.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
Hands up !.
Show me your Arabian palace.
I brought a hot cucumber.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
The speech is gon na be epic.
I looked out the windows when we were in Lincolnshire , I saw this fucking tree.
Ask a cat if tripe should be taxable.
Uh , this is oceanic airlines calling To inform you that we 've , um , We 've located your missing cargo.
You have n't killed me.
Uncopyable.
Look at the tag.
He 's grade-"A " psycho.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
In my opinion , it 's a not new situation I found this.
So they turn around the earth all day and return to Belgium at night , to sleep.
Somewhere.
This rock ... This rock has been waiting for me my entire life.
The rabbit ... No can do.
Such is our imperfect nature that dissipation may prove more efficacious than reflection (.
Excuse me , Your Grace , are you suggesting we oppose the war on humanitarian grounds ?.
Three years is a long time.
This is a receipt from the airport bar for 7 scotches.
I 'm surprised it took this memo to get that train out of the station.
I 'll fuck up my car.
And we can not simply award this deviant path by allowing them the sacred sacrament of marriage.
GRUNTS ] Look , the legend of Siobhan McDougal is just a ghost story.
The soap is old - style.
They 're calling this operation olive branch.
I ca n't use it to get you out of the valley.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
Oh , I found your mustache.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Get him out of here.
I saw this advertisement for a limp corrector.
How else could she have ended up here , with a man she despised ?.
The dog is gone.
Since a spot opened up at billingsley academy.
Plympton know that you 're here.
The city is ... Do not enter the city.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
The Scarlet Letter.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
It can see your thoughts and feelings.
And it 's on this DVD.
We found the container.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
The service road from the south is the likeliest entry point.
Bedroom , bathroom.
MRS.
I can help you get it.
I got a resin mold here.
This is just a hugely , hugely expensive crisis.
They shot him.
There can only be one commander , And Kiva 's dead.
The honey was not sold until the end of the 19th or into the 20th century.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
So you played baseball as a boy.
Lady Rochford and other maids of Her Majesty have come forward with corroborating evidence of their frequent intimacies.
I 'm all over it.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
He found a trace of semen inside the victim 's vagina and a finger print which he missed out in his initial autopsy.
At the festival.
That pie smells really good.
Here , the line across the man 's eyes , it 's the Chinese number one.
G.D. Was the last place hit.
You will always have a home here.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
You discovered it at a flea market.
Royce made his billions in shipping and mining , not arms.
Hooman has a crayon.
Yeah , do n't buy back the sale here , burke.
Five minutes with you and the pope would find a reason.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Hell no.
Probably looking for safe harbor.
Did you see the driver ?.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
It 's one of the highest moral virtues.
Kick the dog.
This is just a fact - finding mission.
Commit this address to memory.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
The cluster would be the one place they feel safe.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I came across your tower and ... Where is my satchel ?.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
The Kraken is the end of us.
The air is cleared.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It kind of just blew into your store.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Belgrano is sailing directly away from the islands.
I 'm sick of screwing in the open air.
There 's only five in the entire world.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It 's okay , the saw has a safety device.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
Look at me.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
That 's real.
Who wants to fight ?.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
But come on , let 's hit the road.
I got a text message from last night.
We give the residue the half - life we want.
It 's one of my favorites.
It 's called Jaws.
Do n't even try to tell me you 're on an emergency ibuprofen run.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
Give it to us straight , Professor.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
It slithers across the floor.
It slithers across the floor.
It slithers across the floor.
It came with the car.
I found this fuckin ' doll on the bed again.
LOIS GROANS ] I carved it out of a piece of dwarf star material.
The world is a beautiful place.
The Grand Canyon.
I do n't really wanna talk about her.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
The mainframe is inaccessible.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
It is the core of all humans.
I 'd like to see the fortress.
Plus he was shot , just wanted to get out , treat his wound.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
And from his father before him ?.
His gift of wine was tainted with death.
You think you can do this work day in , day out and you do n't carry it with you ?.
Show me the cargo.
You may now say what you really think of Zoey.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
But it was pure once.
Steady on.
I 'm not tired.
Blue Energy has two forms.
Protocol for a cleaner in a foreign theater is to establish a storage space.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
A rugby team ... is like the Foreign Legion.
- The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
It 's part of the ritual.
I could 've sold this shack ....
I could 've sold this shack ... It 's Mom 's.
The worm !.
And semi - portable.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
Melody said you were n't in school and now I know why -.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
I forgive you.
-l'm getting married.
Turn it off.
It is , and all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.
Okay , okay , so there 's this guy in a wheelchair , and he goes to this alien planet to join a program ... So you pick a dragon and get to keep it forever ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
We 've been tracking a computer super virus named the " Omen ".
It says she was tear - gassed and possibly beaten.
You were the one , who saved me.
There 's too much blood.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
It wants to break through.
When a new Pope has been chosen ... and the bells of St. Peter 's chime he is shown into a small chamber next to the Sistine Chapel.
Gun , knife , beaten to death ?.
He was nice ? -.
This is how I get to put Greendale on the map.
You should n't laugh.
He 's on the trail of another black box.
I have a favor to ask you.
Daddy , I ca n't live with her anymore.
To enter into their game.
If you 're a communist , join the Viet Minh.
You 're my best friend.
I wo n't take too much of your money.
How many times has the crescent moon become the full moon.
Returning is not a skill it is a necessity , İbrahim.
This baby is fully equipped.
He 's got me confused with someone else.
Our world is not more transparent now.
Give me my sword and I 'll leave this place.
A tiger with wings ?.
Look at my neck !.
It ca n't be the same one because her pearls are in this safe the manufacturer clearly explained is uncrackable.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
Give Dad a kiss ?.
But then , then I saw the moon.
But then , then I saw the moon.
Thanks to its all - natural microfibers , the Thneed is super - absorbent !.
Noel.
If every infected person fed on or infected the rest of the people , the entire population would 've eaten itself off the planet long before Christ was even born.
One day , I took the quail from its cage.
You will let me build a round nuclear weapon.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
It 's in a jar.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Do you have my ring ?.
Maybe it was a shin.
It 's a gaming laptop.
There is nothing evil about wanting more.
According to witnesses , I can find Barberis ... Not bad for an office guy , huh ?.
You need to go.
But the smell of battle will be its own medicine.
The movie , the wine , no coasters.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
Now , give up the free will.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
The missing control unit.
Has anyone ever seen the sky like that ?.
Ji Ben , let me see your tongue.
For he is now as valiant as Hercules who only tells a lie and swears it !.
Well , you 're fortunate you have someone that loves you.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
I want you to use it again.
I ca n't find my tiger !.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
It ran off.
You 're getting rid of it ?.
Travis is dead -.
Hmm , it was on a washing machine.
Scanner beeps an alert ] Oh , my God , the anomaly , it opened.
Is this sexual relationship still active ?.
That move you put on the DB ?.
We 're gon na go through consent one more time.
It 's stage III.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
This question requires your knowledge of the grand jury investigation.
I 've got the lead detective ready to go on record , say the whole damn thing was a cover - up as long as I pay for it.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
They 've been made to fear me.
Look at it !.
See this -- all this ?.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
Let 's just hope he does n't see this.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
Do we have an agreement ?.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
Curse of my life.
You asked me if the machine was capable of learning human nature.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
- You 're his penis doctor ? -.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Bring me the cat.
And we did a little more digging , found out Kimura is tied to a secret organization called the dragon 's tongue.
In the name of rationalisation , the government further degrades the railways.
The public power company was not built by the private sector.
The public power company was not built by the private sector.
Just get her out of the barn , it might bring her back to life.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
Dean , come on -.
If it was because of the blood , I 'd have done it in the morning.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
My mother ... is always watching ... like the " Mona Lisa ".
You do n't screw this up -.
Now , you can wait for the computers to confirm it if you like , but Wade Crewes lied to you about that murder weapon.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
The elders say , someone has cursed the sea.
I do n't think so.
A thicker sound was a better sound.
I like this song.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
I say unto thee , the power of Christ compels you !.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
It does say Miami , Florida.
The planet was Furya.
It 's a piece of ormolu.
But you ... You have a gift.
The river is flooding.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
The people at the hotel gave us a story about you and another man and her , all sexing together in a pile.
Fifth Brother , tend our father 's wounds.
I fall off the ladder.
With a snake around her neck.
The cheese will be served after the cakes , my lady.
Ms. Mochizuki.
If I brought a senior U.S. Congressman into the fund , that would really up my stock in the company.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
They should study my cock in art classes , spend whole courses studying the splendid contours of its exquisiteness , do n't you think ?.
If my cock could win a medal , it would.
Sonnets should be written about how dangerous my cheetah cock is.
I temped on your desk years back , and I thought about telling you , but then you got fired for the masturbation video , and I missed my chance.
I love this place.
I dunno My agent sent it How did he get hold of it ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Yes , it 's broken.
Adam is great.
Why did it disappear when Markussen died ?.
You ca nt just barge in on the tour without purchasing a ticket.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I had a deal that put your name right next to mine.
Yes , I 'm sure he is a man who plays many roles.
Unroll it like this , and the story flows out in the pictures.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
Did he kill Norma Rivera ?.
You jack that ring , too ? -.
Hey , if it is n't Jay Plunkett.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
Listen to me , Briggs , okay ?.
It 's evidence Petrovic killed her.
Convicted and acquit within a year.
Oh , my God , we are Rihanna and Chris Brown !.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
You 're gon na tell me the best pizza 's in New York and I got ta try it , right ?.
It cured me , August.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
I approach , and I see that you 're a wolf.
After 10 days of intensive fishing , the chicks ' father comes back to take his turn at the nest.
The advancing Sahara vaporised the world 's largest lake , leaving behind the silvery remains of countless microscopic algae.
He was a smartass kid.
Let 's go.
I do n't know where it is -.
Now ... please join me in honoring her with 60 seconds of absolute silence.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Coast Guard is monitoring the waterways.
National service , it has become worthless.
Busted up your ride , racing around town like you got a Mad Tyte JDM ?.
Why is Clea in prison ?.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
I found a town like the one yesterday.
Your mom really does hate change.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Invisible , but powerful.
Invisible , but powerful.
He was buying up all the pay phones in Manhattan , but they stopped him.
Can people really change ?.
It 's the military chip they put in her head , it makes her loco , you better watch that.
I 'm sorry I asked the question.
Like a fish.
Yes , but it does n't breathe.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Oh , my God , this house is amazing !.
Look into it and gain your deepest desire.
They would n't even let him see the body.
I am looking for the owner of a hubot.
I packed your suitcase.
Mr. Durant and Senator Metcalf here , they 'll call me a murderer as it suits them.
He was fingerprinted for his security clearance , but he does n't have a DNA sample on file.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
You dropped your gun.
And waits until it is called by voices of women who have suffered from evil.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
He slips it on her finger And the choir begins to sing Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
You might be in some trouble , mate.
It will completely destroy the model.
I 've seen it turn an SUV into an ice cube.
Anslo Garrick ?.
The curse was built to be unstoppable.
uh , actually someone reported they could n't find your head.
You got a bra in my silverware drawer -.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
Be careful.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
The phones are going crazy.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
The Box ?.
Or I can take 10 years.
I can flip the switches.
The storm can not be stopped.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
Seriously , it 's not a joke ?.
That carriage vanished , so it must be somewhere.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
We 're sold out.
It sent his grandfather mad.
It is the summit of this great wealth ... bestowing power ... upon he who bears it.
We 're not dead ?.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
The Death Wolf is n't a demon.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Do you want to be smashed ?.
How 'd you get the simulit back ?.
Smash it.
You broke my arm !.
Never put your keycard with your phone.
That tiger has night vision goggles ?.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
Good.
His cock was like a battering ram.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
Check the data on it.
I have a bad connection.
And my personal favorite is the Mauser Elite SSX Double Barrel.
The Burguesinha is well loose.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
He fought for the Union.
What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost -- or what 's left of it.
Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
But that 's not for sale.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Or find someone to do it for you.
My boy 's wound wo n't heal.
If your board had let me finish , I would have told them that filling that void is way more important than building a more empathetic service bar.
He went home with some guy last night.
I was with her for a while.
He ca n't help it !.
I am a dungeon master.
Hey , quick , turn off your car.
There is a bone in the back of your ear.
That chair in front of you , we are very proud.
Put this on and remove your chain -.
At high tide , we 'll have two , three feet clearance.
I think we found the location of Kelly 's next job.
I 've got research here , something about a Bible-- the Gutenberg Bible ?.
It 's on a world tour.
We turn it into food , clothing , shelter , et cetera.
You like it ?.
The plan is constantly evolving , Sue.
Tell me who it is I 'm touching.
I converted it , and I live inside.
No , the sex was fine.
I found your Mustang.
The only way Da Silva sails off into retirement is if the boss dies.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
You 're fired.
I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
I learned that the day you kicked out the crate from beneath me.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
First , the lichen is not a cure.
Our enemy is not a killer.
Rob Roy.
I heard gunshots.
On our microwave.
Oh , I got that strap - on in Zanzibar in the 19th century.
I 'm a ... I 'm a detective.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
Look up her internet searches.
A submarine went down ... the Belomorsk.
Look at this polish.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
No , my gut says that whoever ran away is our killer and that Lily Greene is a completely innocent schoolteacher who just had the worst night of her life.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
" this is super awkward ".
You always keep a machete in your room ?.
But it 's gone too far , and it has to stop.
Anger Management 2x53 - Charlie and His Probation Officer 's Daughter - Original air date March 20 , 2014 Did you find the mouse yet ?.
The day of my marriage , a secret contract was slipped in amongst the others.
I 've smoked so much pot , it 's in one of those hospitals learning to walk again.
In 14 , people will be starving.
Quarantine the healthy animals.
It 's a Ficus benjamina.
Damn it , Ginsberg.
You forgot about Andy already.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
Spare me the suspense and tell me what your " save the day " plan is.
So classical four - dimensional general relativity combined with the nuclear forces can explain the relative abundances of all known elements in the universe.
You should not make promises you can not keep.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
The Daleks got here before us.
I 'm gon na call Neal.
You think he could love you then ?.
Before I forget , um , in my bag , there is a file I meant to give you earlier.
Look , I know your father 's looking out for you.
It had n't been torn in half.
The rest of us are dehydrated , aslee-- It came through the brush.
There 's an alien life - form fusing with your human DNA.
You may resume your ritual after I speak to Tom Mason about the Beamer.
Bull's - eye.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
I could n't turn it off.
I have to take you back to Eichen , Lorraine.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
You could 've left him in the building , you know.
Turn it the fuck down , you motherfuckers !.
Thanks to you , Constantine.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
You told me you would n't help me fight a war , John.
Look at it.
Tell me what you 're feeling.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
It could be broken.
His solution was correct.
All right , listen , the terminator 's not dead.
I am not a great writer.
It treats me to a smooth ride , and you know what ?.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
Felt weird pointing a rifle at you even if it were n't loaded.
I can not carry this body with me.
She misses you.
Okay , everybody , let 's get back to Bikini Bottom and ... Oh , no !.
♪ You know ♪ I finally got out of that place ♪ ♪ It 's true ♪ Old friends are just such a waste ♪ The coach was heading to London.
Maybe you can sell one of your mops to those big companies.
Get out of my bank , you beast !.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
Tell me about the droid.
Thought it would perish in the cold.
Why do n't you shake the hand that 's gon na shock the world.
She killed our parents.
Although , this is the ugliest fucking necklace I 've ever seen !.
Do n't kill me.
Good night , ladies.
Kasser ] Our economic system is one of consumer capitalism , and that 's why the government needs to have consumption at very high levels , um , and why , of course , the corporations do , and why at some level most people then buy into it.
Tell her to shake it.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
She came here for her sorfs sake -.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
We 're gon na give you an even closer look at our Mosasaurus.
It leads to an elevator.
A violence initiated by these evil men ... will be brought to justice ... in the name of decency ... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán.
Essentia crescat.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
You 're a genius , you shit gold , and Oscars are made of gold.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
This fruit is defective.
It 's all nasty and bruised up.
Of course , I play Edwina.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
Emergency room bill.
So , Penny , listen , I saw your movie.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
He 's on vacation.
Or we could also wait until we actually get into college and then figure out where to live.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
You look exactly the same.
Nice.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
Do this , and you will never lay your hands on the cipher.
Leave the light on.
Everyone knew you were the famous Dr. Thackery.
Nothing to do with me ?.
God you 're beautiful.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
You asked Dave if I had a blue ja ... I saw a blue jacket in the woods with a bloodstain on it.
Smell ?.
I keep you because you 're a serpent.
Your memory palace is building.
But this city is n't a caterpillar.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Mrs. DiLaurentis saw Spencer in the backyard and told the police ?.
It 's due east now.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
You started this war.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
Take your shot.
Your troops have killed over a dozen Palestinians in house raids -.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
Now , even if you wanted to kill someone with a guitar , you would naturally grab it by the neck , not the body.
I have a meeting at 4:00.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
You want goodwill , let 's start there.
But your behavior was erratic , Molly.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Father told me that that chapel was n't built only for you , but also for me.
You know about immigration law ?.
I do read Henry 's bible.
The meat 's well cooked.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
The stroller is empty !.
Blow it up !.
And as the ruler of a Protestant country allied with England , she would no longer be a threat to Elizabeth.
Get away from me !.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
Welcome to the family.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
I was able to re - inflate it with a chest tube , And will start him on a prophylactic antibiotic.
We 've been waiting ten minutes.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
Any secret , no matter how small , can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you.
The real bomber is inside the Bureau.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
You know I 'm a survivor.
Fighting dirty is n't me -.
I know exactly what they can do.
She had good style , and I 'm sure that a couple of her dresses are in a closet somewhere.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
In the new year , you will return to your captain , and he will welcome you with open arms , and , detective , you will remember today as your darkest day.
The darkness is using you.
No , the ink is iron gall from iron salts and tannic acids.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
It only worships power.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
They invented the concept the same way Hallmark invented Mother 's Day.
It 's gym clothes.
Take this away.
She 's The Machine.
Help me hook this up.
The world throws wicked punches.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
This bird is no good.
The dark dimension is volatile.
Then , he leaned in to kiss her , and finally said ... " Oh , that 's rich.
Impressive.
The Wonder is just a ship.
We must follow the Word of God over the rule of men.
I love this sweater.
What 's the number ?.
There 's a small gray door down here.
Do you know when the voice is gon na speak ?.
CHUCKLES ) Its sight operates on probability , so it can foresee the most likely immediate future.
This mission is cursed.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
I had hoped to climb to the top of the Eiffel Tower , but the Nazis had closed it during the occupation , and it had yet to reopen.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's saved several lives.
Have a seat -.
The cut - off date is the 25th ? -.
There is a code on the VIP entrance.
Confirmation of the application -.
Marseille has to move with the times.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used it to exonerate a client.
Chrissake , can we get some perspective here ?.
It aired once , that 's all.
Agent Scully , we had to confirm your mother 's advance directive , and it indicates that she not be resuscitated if unconscious or requires artificial respiration.
Your body will settle in time.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
He ran.
Do n't give me shit , Koen.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
Did you make Dr. Ronald 's tongue ring , too ?.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
So the bug 's in place ?.
Have you ever seen a fairy ?.
I do n't have one.
Goes up , delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit.
That chemical plant ....
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
This teenager goes out into the night and transforms.
I can go check the crime scene for any leftover evidence.
Today Palmer Tech is pleased to introduce the Power Cell , a 100 % recyclable battery.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
He already is with the souls of all of those Argus agents that he just killed.
The world is what 's insane.
I 've been lying to myself , trying to hold on.
Stop it.
We do n't even know if Congress will approve the appropriation for the bailout.
Give me the flashlight.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
This city is screwed up because of you.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
I let my brother drown so I could save myself.
You actually think that you can beat her.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
Well , it 's more than a gemstone ... it 's also like a kind of onboard computer.
Mi amor ... There was a tunnel under the barn.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
The bomb is gone.
Previously on " The Flash " ... Barry , what you 're seeing is the Speed Force ... Your past , your present , your future.
I got ta drive all the way home to get it.
Welcome to my cabin in the woods.
We ca n't stop Myriad 's signal , but we can piggyback off of it.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
It was the end of last year.
Tell me about the film you saw.
You did n't think the war was right ?.
I tracked the last package to the Midtown post office it was mailed from.
This road is not closed.
Want me to pop it on your computer ?.
Nice to see you , Francie.
I saw the show twice.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
I can hear it.
Rizzoli.
You know , the surgery went well.
Uh , like I said , he was a senior board member.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
Angie , found the murder weapon.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
It 's cool , it 's cool.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
That pod ... It 's identical to mine.
Call him again.
Once we plug in the machine , everything will become clear , I 'm sure of it.
The altar is sacred--.
It 's confidential.
I love your movie.
I love this town.
I found it among Miss Bai 's things.
Right now , my guess ... the demon 's gone possum.
James comes from a world where he wants his phone and his camera separate ".
That medicine was n't meant for you.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
Cássia , I 'm already fixing the alarm.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
They want to see an end to this war.
With four contenders duking it out for top spot , here 's a fifth to add to the mix.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
In Azeroth ?.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
DOG WHINES ) Are you adopting a puppy , Mr. Harding ?.
I dealt with the problem.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Doubt leads to death.
Do we have a copy of the Nootka Sound treaty yet ?.
You 're my bodyguard ?.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
And to think all of this came out of your boring little Boy Scout brain.
You were wrong.
We got a letter from Eileen.
Alex ?.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
However ... I found an extraordinarily high level of hyaluronidase in her system -.
You want me to help you rob the most deadly vampire on the planet ?.
Take off your clothes slowly.
Most turbocharged engines are a bit wheezy at the top end , but because the twin - scroll turbo in this is mounted in the V of the engine ... just like it is in a Ferrari California , coincidentally , the rev counter is still a blur This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
Most turbocharged engines are a bit wheezy at the top end , but because the twin - scroll turbo in this is mounted in the V of the engine ... just like it is in a Ferrari California , coincidentally , the rev counter is still a blur This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
It saved me.
We found Regina Franklin 's parents in Tampa.
It protects itself.
It said " dark ".
