Ladies of Louis XIV 's court !.
-A popular Argentinean song.
Yvette Delys was fatally stabbed and the killer got away , leaving your knife in the wound.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
Hooray for Captain Spaulding , the African explorer.
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
The Captain 's so amusing -.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
I no want the fish.
We 'd all enjoy a few words from Mr. Chandler , who will tell us something of Beaugard 's life and work.
The last time they suspected me , I got four years -.
Oh , Signor Ravelli !.
Beaugard is dead.
That 's a spinach -.
This painting was n't stolen.
Wellmore here is sending a bull train clear through to old Tom Williams 's trading post.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
Well , you tell him that you do n't want me for your squaw.
Bascom , you tell them pilgrims of yours , there 's 500 miles of desert ahead of us and them that do n't like what 's comin ' to them , now 's the time for 'em to turn back.
I do n't mind fists or feet , or even a gun.
Looks like Crows and Cheyennes , Zeke.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
Comrade chairman , the tractor is standing still !.
Stanley Laurel One Thousand Dollars -.
It 's about me.
With me it 's a closed book.
With me it 's a closed book.
I want to believe you.
L ... Well , gee , I ... - I 'll be working New Year 's Eve -.
Say , there 's a lonesome touring car down the street.
Yeah , but Rico 's wreath beat them all.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
Do you like it ?.
Give it to him , Rico !.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
I do n't use invisible ink.
I have chartered a ship to take us to England.
Count Dracula 's just taken Carfax Abbey.
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
This is Professor Van Helsing.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
It understands this time.
He said beat it.
Look at this Tell me , have n't you any new clothes ?.
Tell me , have n't you any new clothes ?.
She gave me a present –.
That 's a month apiece [.
But this ... Marries one of our own reporters , and the Tribune beats us to it.
About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
This house is haunted -.
You 've got to be the man of the family now.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
Joan , you mean you actually took it.
If you 'd wanted something all your life and fate laid it right in your palm ?.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
- It 's to be smart and very private.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
It would be glorious to go with you but I may never be able to see all those splendid things.
What a perfect gentle knight you are , commander.
Starting tomorrow , you become assistant cashier.
Yeah , I coulïve knocked you over with a pin.
Bank 's broke.
You 're protecting somebody -.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Kelly , call me up in Cluet 's office in about five minutes.
Kelly , call me up in Cluet 's office in about five minutes.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
Maybe it was her aunt.
Did I hurt your feelings ?.
This is Baron von Geigern.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
It does n't look like me.
It does n't look like me -.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
It 'll crash down and kill anything underneath it.
It 's adorable.
It 's adorable.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
Some new kind of an alarm clock ?.
The more acid , the quicker the liquid rubber resents the insult , and stiffens up into an indignant mass.
Dennis is sending me out on my first field trip.
She 's just a kid.
I got them in an auction.
They tell me O'Hara was killed in his flower shop this morning -.
The North Side , the South Side.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
- You 're very silent -.
Old man hyena sounds pretty lively -.
If I sold it , I would get ....
- And in that niche there is a statue of Venus -.
I got it in the saddlebag.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
I 'll sing a certain song.
Do you remember it ?.
Yes , but supposing they steal your money.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
You 're a busy man , but I must see you.
You 're shooting your own men -.
The room will be warm soon.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe.
- How many drinks did you have ? -.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
The foreigner , he promised 15 thalers for a bed.
The noble Waldow graciously steps aside ... so that his old friend might renew his youth.
There 's a fire in the lodge ! -.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
They are probably asleep and did n't hear it.
It 's the silliest thing I 've ever heard.
The finest piece of work we 've ever turned out -.
- He 's coming down.
Blondes who were once brunettes.
What a linguist !.
A perfect specimen of the Neanderthal Man.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
I guess that was his only interest in me , was n't it ? -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
You can give it a try with my fishing pole ... but I ca n't guarantee anything.
Number 5,673,210,109,212,003 ... Liliom Zadowski , here present ... waives his right to return to Earth for one night ".
- It 'll be done in 1 0 minutes -.
You are a smartie.
You are a smartie.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
You even get a Swiss license plate.
Do you know Marseilles ?.
Did you find it at an antique store ?.
We must never do this again.
You can depend upon me , sir -.
Cheetah , that is n't funny.
With Tarzan 's memory.
But Harry , we 've got to get through to Tarzan.
I do n't want to get tough with you.
You 're a fine watchdog.
I was hoping you 'd find out who did it -.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
Now , the thing for you to do would be to just have three children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
And the little friend of Nunheim 's , the frying - pan juggler , there.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
I 'll get your heart.
Just as in life -.
Just as in life -.
Sold to Miss Arabella Bishop for Ј10.
Stores and equipment are all stowed away on board.
Do you know what women who look for work are ?.
- The men in the boats are worn - out -.
This island is n't real for you and me.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
By any chance , did you find a bottle ?.
Do n't open that door before sunrise.
Lock me in.
I can still beat you to the Monk 's Tower.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
I did n't know you were married -.
We are tendering this little surprise party for the ... Will you keep out of the kitchen ?.
Excuse me , Aunt Katherine , I was talking to the dog -.
This is a new year , the time for resolutions.
It 's his wife.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
You want me to stand out there while Nick might be in trouble ? -.
- No -.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
Ask him why he threw your gun away , Selma.
I had a much nicer voice till I ran a nail through it ... You ran a nail through it !.
If my terms are acceptable , instruct your colonel to raise the white flag.
I have made up my mind to accept 2,200,000 francs.
2,200,000 francs.
There 's something wrong with my car.
You know , it 's getting colder as it gets later and I might have to move a little closer if I get chilly.
But do you think it goes with those trousers ?.
I paid you a few compliments.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It is in my inside pocket.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
Hurry , it 's almost daylight.
These letters and telegrams backing up the statement I gave.
I tore it out of a law book.
My husband says it would be a blessing if the community would forget what happened.
I am a citizen of Strand who helped clean up the jail mess.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Now , you fired him , the best man we ever had on libel -.
I hope you 'll be very happy ... and do n't forget to invite me to your silver anniversary.
Bill , there 's a telegram for you.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
I do n't believe it.
World cruise ?.
He 's as naive as a child.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
Grant 's tomb.
I 'd rather have Mandrake Falls -.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
- Get a smaller bowl -.
- " Bertie ... Hardy " - ".
I got some presents for ya.
- Now I know soldier take bullet -.
My dear young lady ... You 'd better take a club sandwich out of this hat.
She 's the most wonderful little teacher I 've ever heard of.
It 's funny how we met , and all that 's happened to us since.
When he took it into his eccentric old head to die last spring he left half of his fortune of nearly a million pounds to the London University for the purposes of entomological research -.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
Why , the wound on Dearden 's hand is an inch shorter and horizontal.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
Is n't it the most beautiful day ?.
He drew nine three times.
Baron de Varville is not a patient man and you 're in the mood to quarrel tonight.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
I did n't open it , it was for you.
We 're a hopelessly happy married couple.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
What was the name of that little hotel ?.
All I remember is ... - It was glorious , was n't it ? -.
Love , jealousy , hate , murder , and all in 35 minutes.
It 's an unusual story.
It 's always ridiculous to reason with a man in love.
Well , I give up.
You must be very happy , Lady Barker -.
Oh , I thought it was only a sub - committee meeting.
He said she had blonde hair , blue eyes , my figure and a slight foreign accent.
My goodness , I just thought .... Yes , you just thought that if I 'd stay up there ... you 'd show me exactly how innocent a night in the country can be , did n't you ?.
And ... Your nephew is a superb soldier.
I would be most honoured , Your Excellency.
I said some people might think eating off of trays was sissy.
I said some people might think eating off of trays was sissy.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
Can Harvey Cheyne make his father do anything he wants ?.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
Why , he owns the boat I fell off -.
And you can go row your old boat all by yourself.
Now listen , little fish ... I go now and fish with my father.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
I 've got it someplace.
No , do n't look at me.
Dr. Hackenbush he 's got apple dumpling.
Hi Hat 's not on this track.
With a coal shovel , old cans ... We should come up in a garden ... behind those buildings ... It 's open country.
Good soldiers ... Thanks to your French Revolution !.
A party three days and three nights ?.
Please stop them.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
- On McGraw to win.
An enormous crowd 's jammed into this huge auditorium to see Kid Galahad climb into the ring against Chuck McGraw , the heavyweight champion.
Postpone the Far East conference.
Why did those clothes materialise so conveniently when they met us ?.
Where did you get the money to pay for all these treasures ?.
I 'd read your books -.
Maybe 'cause you 've always been part of Shangri - La without knowing it -.
I would n't believe it in England.
And that , gentlemen was the last that any known human being saw of Robert Conway.
So these two gentlemen said they were lords ?.
Mr. Flint.
But you would have found out about it at some point , and then it would n't have been so easy to give it all up.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Do n't let it out.
Do n't let it out.
It 's only Dopey -.
- It 's after us -.
It 's only Dopey -.
It 's only Dopey -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
We 'll kill it dead -.
It covers three beds.
Casey , you 're a fool.
There 's a lot more good in Taylor than most people think.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
But since Prince John has seized the regency Guy of Gisbourne and his traitors have murdered and pillaged.
Well , since our friend seems to have gone a little mad , I 'll have to see him through.
Do you want to send a message ? -.
He is different from anyone I 've ever known.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
The papers carry a big story of what 's missing.
He sure is getting worse and worse.
For an exhaustive scientific work on criminology -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
-You do n't have to worry about it.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Why , when you can do it nice and legal ?.
My old man never made that much in his life ... ... workingforthe Department of Sanitation.
-You wanna make something out of it ?.
-You've got a great poker face , Rocky.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
So , Professor Urganzeff wo n't talk to a de Loiselle.
It was a free - for - all.
A PGA has two black dots , and a CrowFlight has a circle.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
Go on In the stall , Baby Now everything is quite all right No , everything is not all Everything is not all right , Susan.
Of course , it varies at different seasons -.
No , I think it 's a good idea to continue our walk.
Terribly anxious because I am sure Sorgues was hypnotized.
I was counting on your honesty , your loyalty ... I see I was mistaken.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
The Seton Concerto in F Major.
If you find Seton and Laura dull , wait until you meet some of the others.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
Friends of Johnny 's.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
I feel alive and I love it.
I do n't think it matters a bit what I think.
For love , true love , is a very rare and beautiful thing.
If that position at the bank is still open I 'll be glad to take it.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Huger aims not to be carried off by anything but drink.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
Armed guards are patrolling the road as far up as Riverview.
Armed guards are patrolling the road as far up as Riverview.
It just seems to me there are other things more interesting.
I just kind of squinched through the cane by the bayou -.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Heaven knows what the government will say about it.
Blood stains clothes but it washes off hands easily.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
It 's a small job , but I like it.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Here 's a new one , Ed.
- Move out ? -.
That 's the reason I 've lived in this house so many years and could never move out.
She likes literature and good books.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
- It 's in my stomach now.
It 's got me.
Make it frankfurters , and tell Donald to get ... Tell Donald to get a dozen more and an extra can of corn -.
The idea of you engineering this thing and being caught in your own trap.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
They told me that a man with your record would never go straight.
But , Joe , it was just a boy ... I know ... Oh , I 'm sorry , I ... I was just thinking I did n't know anything about you before and ... And what , Joe ?.
The first time we seen him was in the mess hall.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
It 's a watch fob.
He 's getting so big.
Not much chance of fingerprints ... after the dog 's been playing with it for nobody knows how long.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
I just wanted someone to keep an eye on Nickie -.
- Here 's a paper -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
Now , really ... You found out after the murder that he ditched you for Smitty.
See , crime does n't pay.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Gosh , I 've heard about you and your pa all my life.
Apologize for what ?.
About the size of a pie -.
Would n't go in the river if you ca n't swim -.
That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
It 's a mighty fine thing when a man realizes he 's wrong ... and tries to correct it in a nice way.
You must be hungry.
It 's the very last of my father 's fine Madeira.
It 's over !.
She 's the only thing I hate worse than Tara !.
I always wanted to be like her , calm and kind and sadly , I 've turned out disappointing.
Wo n't you kiss me goodbye ?.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
That was fine.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I wanted you desperately but I did n't think you wanted me.
It 's a bit battered , sir -.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
Dr. Mortimer stayed for dinner.
A window on the second floor.
It 's still there.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
This is our last good night.
I am determined to live 100 years and more , if your new elixir does what you promise.
I did n't know there were women like that.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
Look to starboard.
And who are you , the captain of this band ?.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Lead painting 's no good , just like the sand gun.
" There 's an elevator included in the price of admission ".
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
It 's wonderful.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
It has a little knob that you turn -.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
Naturally , it 's not the Royal Suite.
At least the May Day parade is over.
How do you like it , Ninotchka ?.
How do you like it , Ninotchka ?.
There is something in Constantinople , something irresistible.
I have come to take you down.
When Charlotte went West five years ago , it was because of lung trouble , was n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
I did n't know you had a matrimonial agency on the side.
But I do not owe her the duty of attendance upon her.
With Baganold 's forces in Ireland , is n't he ?.
Sir William Baganold is dead.
-I was ill.
The things I love in you most , your honesty , your reckless pride are the very things they would play upon , sweet.
It 's a difficult , dangerous job so how can we blame Lord Essex for refusing to risk it ?.
It was I who intercepted your letters.
Are you so set on dying ?.
a performance that was achieved 12 years ago by Charles Lindberg.
It 's a romantic black woman.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
The main thing is to dance very smoothly -.
You 're getting a little mixed up with your feet.
Sue and Little Chief are on the warpath.
I came to see Mr. Big Eagle , but they wo n't let me talk to him -.
That 's just an okapi , Mrs. Lancing.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
We buried the child with his mother.
If it 's ivory the party 's after ... the hunter in charge usually gets 10 % of whatever they bring out.
I 'd be tender , I 'd be gentle And awful sentimental Regarding love and art I 'd be friends with the sparrows And the boy who shoots the arrows If I Only Had a Heart Picture me A balcony Above , a voice sings low Wherefore art thou , Romeo ?.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
I think that it that it was n't enough just to want to see Uncle Henry and Auntie Em.
You just had a bad dream.
Stephen Haines is stepping out on Mary -.
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
It is a nightgown , is n't it ? -.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
It turns into a bathroom.
- He said , " No noose is good noose " -.
James MacDonald.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The dinosaurs were lords of creation for about 200 million years.
A tenderfoot is an easterner.
It 's a pleasure to do business with a man like you.
Joseph Panello.
You know where Dan Wilson 's house is ? -.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Dan Wilson.
That 's some of what done it.
Three dollars a day , that 's what I ' doing it for.
No , we ai n't got no money , but there 's plenty of us to work and we 're all good men.
Only , it 's for an old lady.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They killed Casy first.
I 'm playing the 12 - ball for the side pocket and the blue ball 's right in the way.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
What do we need a State Capital building for ?.
in a dark chamber my heart is awake it sleeps and waits , wondering where the dream may carry it do you hear , my heart ?.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
you ought to go to sleep sleep ?.
you want his death go fetch him your face looks terrible.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
I had a publicity job offered to me last year.
It cost me $ 450 to tear it out of Cooley.
- I 'll take that money -.
If it was my own grandmother , I 'd carry on -.
I never saw her before in my life.
You could get the letter.
Hammond 's widow.
When did you first start doing lace work , Leslie ?.
It must take enormous concentration ... ... andpatience.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
It would break his heart.
-l had to pay a great deal of money for it.
I sent for my large bag.
Swordplay is such a violent business (.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
Rooms ?.
A nice story for Spy , incidentally.
But with a girl of his own , full of warmth for him full of foolish , uncritical affection ... - None of which I 've got -.
And remember , Mike with the rich and mighty ... Do you know what time it is ?.
- It was Mr. Connor -.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
But never in my life not if I live to be 100 , will I forget how you tried to stand me on my feet again today -.
Your attitude is difficult to understand -.
We all go haywire at times.
The Captain wishes to justify what , in plain words ... is a desire for plunder with no respect for the interests of Spain.
Bijou , I love you.
Sure , Bijou is only a little bitty baby.
Oh , that admiral 's coat.
He 'd kill you inside of six months.
" ... of how we earn our daily bread , so do n't let 's do it ".
But , Emma , I do n't understand it.
Is it important to Matuschek and Company ?.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
Been getting any good hauls ?.
What 'll we do , use it for a tire patch ?.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it ! -.
A blind man can not tell truth from false.
Knowing of your interest in these matters , I have brought it with me.
I 'm the king of birds !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
When you were sold in the slave market , who bought you Always Jaffar.
I want you to run this editorial in a box on the front page.
Charles , even newspapermen have to sleep.
Yeah , you 're a big hit.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
It comes from Trinidad.
Give it to me -.
I have to give it to her personally.
- Clementine -.
You must sing for us -.
Shh ! -.
No , but it has essence of guinea fowl.
It 's only a dud dead -.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
He 's been acting strange the last day or two -.
That was a dollar bill you gave me.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
But I have a date with Ginger.
Daniel , you should n't go out with girls.
But I have a date with Ginger.
I feel like a mouse.
This is Blue Army , and you 're our prisoners.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Softly now , for respect for chapel was the first thing my father taught us.
Unions are the work of the Devil.
Our son is a scholar.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
I think I 'm going to have to tell a coroner to go to blazes , Sid.
You 're ready to pay $ 5,000 if we turn over the falcon to you ?.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
This wo n't do any good.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
I present you with this dangerous weapon , mademoiselle ... with my undying gratitude and admiration.
Africa is one continent I know better than all their invisible men -.
I 'll just take £ 500.
Mr. Stokes , care of the post office at Lyme Regis -.
I have no desire to enter a cave after a trapped animal ... even though I know you have no weapons.
Do n't be a fool.
I 'm waiting for you to sign.
Your time is nearly up , Thorndike.
Your time Is up.
Your time Is up.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Your nose is bleeding.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
Promise me you wo n't go near that swamp no more and I wo n't romp on you.
I ai n't no beggar.
I ai n't never gon na believe you again.
I could n't stand it if you got down on me too.
It 's a problem they 've been trying to settle for hundreds of years ... and they have n't settled it yet.
There 's lots of it on the bottom.
It 's a new drug that works wonders in cases such as this -.
I 'm gon na trade this darned car in next year.
I 'm gon na trade this darned car in next year.
Well , you ca n't sell no wood if nobody wants to buy no wood , can you ?.
Have n't you got one that could help you ?.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Why , this durn old top did n't wanna go down ! -.
Say , you wanna buy a brand - new automobile cheap ? -.
This ai n't no poor farm.
I took an interest in your work -.
This could n't be a diamond bracelet ? -.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
Oh , so far - Sheila , you 're wonderful -.
- Sheila , you 're wonderful -.
- That 's because you 're a good teacher.
The son of a gun bit me !.
I think it 's a fine play.
I think it 's a fine play.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 've been reading the most brilliant play with an enchanting part in it for you -.
It 's a picture of me as I used to be.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Inflato , taken from the word " inflation ".
Something 's happened to Inflato -.
Stanley , there 's been a ... Stanley.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play " As Time Goes By ".
We 'll drive all night.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
Has it got a " wow " finish ?.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
All right , you 're a fake and I 'm a phony.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Be careful it 's my heart ".
Be careful it 's my heart ".
♪ But please before you start ♪ ♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ That 's the girl.
When you 're through with it , send it to the police.
I did n't like it.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
Stanley 's weak but you 're strong.
You have only one job that matters -.
Roy has n't a car.
If it had n't been for me , he 'd still be alive.
Stanley , what is it ?.
Craig , I 've got a favor to ask of you.
He just said that the little girl was dead.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
Are you strong enough , Isabel ?.
I did n't ride one block on a streetcar.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
Tell me about Lajarie 's project.
Yes ... The money , a great life , security ... Women love security.
One of them in particular hurt me.
The bracelet you gave me for our 5th anniversary , I lost it.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
I ca n't say someone went to the post office , no one did.
- In the car -.
When I was 17 , I came in once after midnight.
Yes , Walt Whitman 's.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
The Christus statue.
I 've been living my own life for a long while now.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
But to build a working model in some field or village somewhere that small planes could actually land on to prove that it was practical , would only cost about $ 99,000.
I mean , sex did n't even enter into it.
The Wienie King ?.
A woman is not a vessel.
How wonderful it is meeting a silent American again.
It would be wonderful for him.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
Oh , do n't take it so seriously.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
There 's a limit to what a woman can stand.
I wanted to prove that you could look Pittsburgh in the eye and laugh at him.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
There was a man from the asylum in the bar just now.
He is an angel.
Probably someone congratulating you upon becoming a father.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
Industrial Prince of England ... " " ' Mr. Charles Rainier " '.
It would be fantastic.
It would be fantastic -.
I 'm asking you because I have a proposal to make.
You happen to know some nice quiet nook where I can sleep without any molasses ?.
I sworn to man , his feet 's the biggest things I ever seen without lungs.
She would n't have stowed away.
Yes , and Romulus does n't like fish much , either.
Ken was my best friend !.
I got caught in this storm.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
Now , if you 'll give me your address in New York , Miss Martin , we can contact you back there.
So I said , the first vacation I get , I 'm going to see the Statue of Liberty.
Five.
On Richmond Bypass ?.
You realize , of course , when I was brought into the room blindfolded - I heard the mechanism of this door -.
Nobody is gon na call me a Nazi and get away with it.
We must prevent this all - out attack at any cost.
Percentage is with the house.
My uncle must have signed it.
It 's the coffee boiling -.
Beet soup with sour cream.
It 's a Polish dish.
With an egg in it.
Listen , you blow your horn at 7 tonight right outside , sonny.
Tilney , I 'm very hungry.
Escarpment taboo.
Yes , the scene is loaded with dynamite.
If anything happened to you ... You think I can do it ?.
I thought perhaps it might be somebody setting traps - you know , the Clagpools- but it was Kate O'Malley.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Oliver and Kate are badly mauled.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
It was sealed in this tube and vacuum.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
In Miss Helga 's room -.
It was a form of mania that caused its victim to imagine- consciously or subconsciously - that he was a werewolf.
It was a form of mania that caused its victim to imagine- consciously or subconsciously - that he was a werewolf.
See , Tess is my wife.
I have n't seen the doctor -.
She 'll walk from Wisconsin for this.
If you wish your new estate to be touched with lasting beauty cherish those gracious visions of your first love.
Tell you where his money is if you 're so anxious.
We can keep her under control.
Take a look at them , Uncle Sam.
The Council does n't understand your proclamations.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
Your family is expecting you -.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He lost his job.
- Let 's show it to her.
Our only chance to succeed is by a surprise attack.
If a Gypsy catches rabbits , he says it 's foxes -.
Then he saw a rabbit and went after it.
I need you at the bridge -.
I slept with your things ! -.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Die if you must , for a cause that 's just .. but shout to the end : ' No Surrender '.
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Do you think Martha will like it ? -.
Insulin produces a state of coma.
You do n't believe in it ?.
You do n't believe in it ?.
Why , I think Miss Cowan should open it ... since she will someday be the owner of the property.
That money belongs to Miss Cowan.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's a concerto.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
It 's going to waste !.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
I was maestro mechanic in Torino.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
Suppose we send those two Germans to tell them there 's plenty of water here.
Still , it 's the duty of every man in the armed forces to do everything he can.
I like to travel.
We are n't surrendering !.
Water ?.
You know , it 's the funniest thing.
Did you ever see a house made out of newspapers ?.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
It 's an old family custom been handed down for generations -.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
Who first shall find it were better dead Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
Her mind.
She must have packed that paper under this cushion.
She must have packed that paper under this cushion.
This place used to be known as Hurlstone Towers ".
This place used to be known as Hurlstone Towers ".
Is it Brunton ?.
We told you , you were taking an awful risk.
It looks like an old land grant.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
They 're much too intelligent to believe that a corpse would frighten a trained detective.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
This blanket has had a most varied history.
That will be five hundred dollars.
That 's a very interesting theory but not supported by the facts and quite beside the point.
Think of all we 've given to each other.
Separate ?.
Every morning I shall wake ... my head on your shoulder.
While I hum for him a song about us two.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
I wished it when you were with me.
British Museum , you know , had to have protection.
A registered package for Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Oh , you should n't Why not , the man you sent me to advanced me five hundred pounds on my worthless policy and all I could think of was you.
Why not , the man you sent me to advanced me five hundred pounds on my worthless policy and all I could think of was you.
He 's no more a cripple than you are.
I picked it up quite by accident.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
- You think you 're smart , do n't you ?.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
This is Mortimer Brewster.
-Dale ".
No , we must keep it a secret.
I hate cops.
- Well , I never wear the things.
- 32 Elm Road.
The Hartley Little - Gem Paint - Remover.
Gentlemen , you are looking at what I consider the most powerful explosive in the world today -.
Gentlemen , you are looking at what I consider the most powerful explosive in the world today -.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
I 'm going to make a very important test of this bomb and I want you two to take a photograph of the result of the explosion -.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
Indians are good people , if left alone.
I wanted to find out if I could be as beautiful as a white girl in a white girl 's way.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
But the president ... - Where is my son ? -.
Diphtheria.
You should be a very distinguished- looking man 10 years from now.
Accident and double indemnity.
Accident and double indemnity.
- You want me to go ? -.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
Look , we 're not gon na grab a hammer and do it quick , just to get it over with -.
But I have the awful feeling that something is wrong ... and I had that same feeling once before , when my mother died.
What would you like to have for breakfast ?.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
I want a feeling of the early morning -.
There is an attic under the roof.
I have a present for you , Paula.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
The little picture has been taken down.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
- Why has it been taken down ? -.
I 'm very sorry , but I 'm afraid my wife 's illness has returned -.
The gas just went down -.
But he was here.
But he was here.
If I ever meant anything to you , and I believe I did ... then help me , Paula.
Cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
Cut me free.
I am mad.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
I can never find them.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
Paula ... - I must look for it , must n't I ?.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
It 's not charity.
It 's not charity.
So you 're still in trouble.
Would n't even look at it.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
It 's too good for us.
I need a new golf ball.
Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
" The battle raged three days ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
Do n't you like Larry ?.
Yesterday morning , after Laura 's body was found , I was questioned by Sergeants McAvity and Schultz , and I stated , " On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
This is Lieutenant McPherson.
Do you think it 'll make people want to bathe more often ?.
Shelby and I are going to be married next week.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Waldo heard Shelby running from the next room so he hid in the stairway outside.
Mrs Porter lent you her coat to help keep you warm.
They 're really nothing but a few pieces of carbon , crystallized under high pressure at great heat.
They 're nothing but H2O with a trace of sodium chloride.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
Since the Prague Conservatory was unable to take him in , Lisinski took lessons at professor Pitsch 's famous organ school.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
I 'll ... - Well , he certainly was fidgety.
The king will make a very gallant struggle for his life and I shall arrive too late to save him.
I stuffed it with paper to stop it from rattling.
Pocketbook.
Are all the objects of art in this room connected with your protective system ?.
Lestrade could n't even see the stripes on a zebra.
Lestrade 's an idiot.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
And there 's too much china , Watson and too little plaster , which leads me to suspect that the greater conceals the less and if the china was smashed to cover up the plaster.
Borgia Pearl.
You are n't even worth half the wages you earn.
Lord William Penrose.
Murder is a very interesting story gentlemen.
I 'm quite sure that Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in the village the size of La Morte Rouge.
I 'm quite sure that Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in the village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Now if we can find the missing half ... notice the discoloration of the torn edge , faded signature , the upper half was torn off some time within the last year I should say.
He 's still my client.
He rented my boat to fish from -.
What 's the name of that tune ?.
A guy goes out and breaks his neck to ... I might have expected it.
If he comes to while I 'm probing ... pour some of it on a hunk of cotton and give him a whiff of it.
- Go on , say goodbye to your father -.
A handful of peasants is a cheap price.
Your records are old.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
They thought I loved them , or not.
This is n't all fun and games ! -.
Nicky , what is it ?.
I do n't know about such things , but I imagine it was fired from a.45 or something in that general field -.
This man insulted me !.
It 's Mrs. Draque.
- Mrs. Draque is indisposed -.
Peter Berton painted it.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
I 'll just make some cocoa to quiet their nerves.
- I do n't aim to cross any line -.
I ca n't understand how in Sam Hill a tramp like you found a way to kill Monte Jarrad.
- Maybe you 're in love with him , but I ai n't.
Now they got a " corpus delict " -.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
It 's a cold from beyond the grave.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
Doctor , I 'd hoped you 'd be able to explain to me a happening which , to put it mildly , has always puzzled me.
It started a few weeks after we 'd become engaged.
I remember the date , because it was Peter 's birthday '.
Well , you know that mirror you gave me ... You did n't get it at a joke shop , by any chance ?.
The only thing to do is to try not to look in it at all.
I hope your husband was satisfied with it.
Ever since Mr Craig arrived , you 've been asking me to produce scientific explanations like rabbits out of a hat.
Here are the props : A hunting horn , a royal blue tunic , three skulls , gold epaulettes , two pairs of patent leather shoes and a wedding gown.
- Try the Post House -.
You did n't come home last night , did you ?.
I do n't know where I 've been or what I 've done.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It would n't matter how late , George -.
It would n't matter how late , George -.
But you said it did n't matter how late.
But you said it did n't matter how late.
I 'm watching out for a load of gas pipe.
She says he threw something round her neck.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It 's a method of very swift and silent murder -.
I open next week.
Netta , it is n't a waltz.
It belongs to the concerto.
It belongs to the concerto.
That 's my song.
When two ... When two lips Breathe aflame This is our moment For gay love.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Netta 's marrying me next week.
The envelope addressed to Mr. Guy Davis.
I 'm afraid , Mr. Holmes , if you do n't go with the sergeant there 's no way to get back to the village tonight.
Captain Simpson a murderer ?.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In the FBI Identification Division are nearly 100 million sets of fingerprints so organized that it takes less than five minutes to identify a set of fingerprints with those on file.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
I want a surveillance made of Lange 's Bookshop on 59th Street.
NARRATOR : For some time , Lange 's Bookshop on busy 59th Street was under constant surveillance.
-At his radio station.
Now , you know perfectly well that nothing I could say about you-- The way you look , I mean , could be anything but flattering -.
When I made the acquaintance of the boys on the Left Bank I found that they lived in squalid garrets and most of them were miserably undernourished.
This is the tastiest sandwich I 've ever eaten -.
Ellen , you should n't have walked up those stairs.
If you were having the baby , you 'd love it.
She must have tripped.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
I do n't care what it says -.
Where did you put it ?.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
After all , you 're just a freshman.
I was the only one that really understood you.
I 'd rather you be drunk than dead -.
A novel by Don Birnam -.
Like Ferdinand the Bull.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
No , I 'm just a song - plugger here at Remick 's.
Da da da da , da da da da , doo Yeah , it has bounce- A diminished ninth , too.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
Seems to have an idea that happiness is vertical And the last stop is heaven.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
With a man who pushes you around the way I would n't push a cat around.
Are you blind ?.
I thought I heard the doorbell.
Do n't forget the money !.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
2000 dollars ... on your life.
2000 dollars ... on your life.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
You know Adele ... What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
He tried to get away in the murdered girl 's car.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
It was stupid of me to come in here like a distracted child.
It was like lightning striking.
The more cockeyed , the better for the scientific side of it.
Do you remember Angel Valley ?.
Shirts are hard to get out here.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
Well , you try all of them.
Now , you take love -.
Jamieson.
- Jamieson.
Patrick Jamieson , ma'am -.
Well , I hope that means that you 've decided to stop living in the past.
Backwards , forwards , every which way but chiefly forwards.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
You look like Buck Rogers.
Edwina Collins ?.
Never use drugs.
How does Moriarity get them to the scene of the crime ?.
How does he plant those severed fingers on them ?.
Just fix your eyes on this one white flower , floating on the water.
I 'm sorry , but Mr. Holmes ' injuries must all be self - inflicted.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
Monsieur Duclois.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
He 's still very weak and can not stand.
I 'm going to be married.
Yes , I was surprised to hear you did it.
It 's something I never hoped for or dreamed of.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
Karel 's life has been a tragic one.
Oh , I was a jealous fool.
Careful , you 'll cut yourself.
Frankie Olins had it.
Frankie Olins had it.
Do you remember the first time I came to see you in your office ?.
How many times do I have to tell you ?.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
It 's mine !.
The price has nothing to do with it.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
That 's the same tune all right but you 're making different mistakes than you did the first time.
We now have two thirds of a message.
Women and gambling do n't mix ".
That 's the story of my life ... Hello.
Johnny will take you to the party.
Tom , this is the Hotel Centenario -.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
I should have called him yesterday.
A little present from old man Gower.
Bert the cop sent this over.
This is a pickle , George.
Just tell them to bring their shares over here , and I will pay 50 cents on the dollar.
Listen to me , listen to me !.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
It still is empty.
We call that wind the Santa Ana.
I got them washed for free [.
Well , you suggested it yourself once -.
Nick , do n't sell the place !.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
It 's hardly smashed up at all.
I tried , but nobody could have stopped you.
We ... We took a life , did n't we , Frank ?.
You ca n't live without money.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
- Well , I am sick -.
That night in Paris , you were ready to give up all this foolishness for me.
Because it 's in a cellar.
And then somebody dropped two million clams right in his lap.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
Kendall does n't work out of the missing persons bureau , you know -.
Michael Conroy.
The war 's very young yet.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
I 'm Larry Cravat.
You wo n't get the money !.
You wo n't get the money !.
is it the same as killing a man ?.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
- Mrs Rankin -.
Major Duncan Bleek , a friend of Doctor Watson 's.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
A man is waiting on the corner with a check only a block away.
It 's a 500 ?.
It 's a great machine.
Juliette has to go out every Saturday.
The Ace of Clubs.
You believe in Santa Claus ?.
It 's all set this time.
Thought it 'd be a good idea to get together , maybe sometime soon.
We sent some men out in a boat.
The plan 's a flop.
Came home and landed at Sanlúcar just two days ago -.
Thank you for your hospitality , señor.
I had n't seen you -.
The Indians have no steel.
It has to be timed to the very split of a second.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
You should n't stay around this town.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
I perfected my own special technique 12 years ago ... before I was kicked out of the Medical Association.
Used it in the last war.
I know it 's awfully early ... but you said you wanted to get away before it got light.
I think I even like you better.
I did n't see any car -.
You felt Irene was interested in me , so you killed George ... because you felt that was the best way to make sure she did n't get me.
I was in the Navy during the war.
What I mean is , they look like they 've been pierced for earrings.
It was that evil , misbegotten son of a goat , that Zoltan.
How did you find out about me and the escape and the rest of it ?.
Tonight would you be entertaining the chief of police ... these Nazi party officials and elite guard officers ... if you were n't forced to ? -.
But I wo n't say goodbye to myself , just because I love someone who demands it as a matter of course.
You ca n't understand me.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Put white letters on the store - front.
- What 's up ?.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
May I write it down ?.
His father supported Mussolini in 1920.
I need my head examined.
You have a job.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
It 's for the woman next door.
Colonel brewton , How much cattle range do you control ?.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
Selina was my first friend out here.
I should n't have given in to you.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
It was in the right leg.
Mr. Brant may be able to fool some people with that phony shooting gag ... but I 've seen it pulled far too often even to be amused.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's a dinghy.
Is it one of them big bass tuba things ? -.
This is Baby ... Mrs. Talbin.
You 're wearing the earrings.
My body needs lifting.
It sends me out of this world -.
Well ... - I have half of Poughkeepsie on my face.
Eve 's Fifth Avenue , I think -.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
Mr. Bannister tells me you once killed a man.
Mr. Bannister tells me you once killed a man.
You did it with your hands , did n't you ?.
He was a Franco spy.
-I'm independent.
He talked about suicide.
Running away does n't work.
He is n't dead yet , Grisby 's alive.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
I command you to keep silent.
I think this resemblance has acted more in my favour with Her Majesty that my personal merits.
But when happiness and misfortune are just as terrible , that 's magnificent -.
You have not been around since you sent me this Joan Madou.
You know you will leave me again ... tomorrow , the day after tomorrow , sometime.
It was my fault , Joan.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She asked me to thank Your Majesty for the bridal bouquet.
Powdered egg omelette , probably , and a little Spam -.
That used to be the largest department store in Berlin.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
It 's no fun to walk around with a target pinned on your chest.
Your license permits you to keep medicinal whiskey but this is no whiskey.
I tell you , this is not a proper or suitable marriage for you.
All that lives must die , passing through nature to eternity.
I knew your father.
I would I had been there -.
I'faith , if he be not rotten before he die , he will last some eight year , nine year -.
You must have money to throw away.
You must have money to throw away.
You were there yesterday wearing that German hat !.
You 'll be late for breakfast -.
Well , Smith , looks like you 're finally gon na unload the old Hackett place.
For 15 years I 've been cooped up in a four - room cracker box.
Just getting a morning shave entitles a man to the Purple Heart.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
The house has charm , has n't it , Mr. Apollonio ?.
A simple bathroom , 8 by 10 by 8 with grade - A fixtures will cost around $ 1300.
Three weeks now at $ 4.50 a foot -.
- There must be other ... - Mrs. Blandings likes it too -.
Not a cold , antiseptic , hospital white -.
It 's the only spool I have and I had an awful time finding it.
It 's a conspiracy , I tell you , against every boy and girl who were ever in love !.
You 're not gon na use it ? -.
Oh , it 's like a graveyard out there.
He 's trying to trick you , make a fool of you.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
Others have tried.
See , I met Matt today just after he rode in.
It was nothing I ever heard before.
We did do it in daytime.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
But he 's still here.
I still think it 's peculiar -.
- Probably the garage man.
Mattie got us a house in Gusherton all right.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I 'd like to get in the big city.
Well , I have no seconds , Monsieur Athos.
That 's a very beautiful ring.
First , there is a certain estate in the vicinity of Lille , a barony.
I can neither kill you nor take you away.
Make up your mind , the ferry does n't wait -.
It all depends on whether or not the guy who finds it is the right guy.
Only gold shines and glitters like that.
It 's just like plain sand.
About $ 5,000 worth , I reckon.
I 'm gon na kick you in the teeth.
You 're as thin as a starved cat.
Sam has never forgiven the.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
And that kid out there he had a perfect ear for it.
Does the sun have privacy ?.
If I had n't come back , I doubt you would have lasted the year out.
You do n't hate me , really.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
However , it seems to me that this hill , Ed Duda , is a key position.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
You once said you had a plan.
Because I told you the same thing 25 years ago -.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
His Excellency , the ambassador from the court of France -.
It does bring out the colour in your beautiful , big , brown eyes.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Is my lunch ready ?.
There 's a mine shaft at the end of these cables.
- That 's the 3rd Battalion.
What about the children ?.
It will last a lifetime.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
But Anne 's way of living is better than ours , and I have to face it.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
I have it -.
Manion 's case , a soldier it is only natural that he would turn to action.
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
I 'm glad the warning apparatus works -.
The Tingler.
She would 've killed me if she could 've.
I think it 's the ignition.
Religion is love.
I 'll not fight like a gladiator !.
In this year of Chemosh , the child is Tebah.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
You know I 'm a skeptic ... but when you 're stuck , beggars ca n't be choosers.
It 's stronger than I am.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
M ILLICENT BARNES , WHO IN ONE M INUTE WILL WONDER IF SHE 'S GOING MAD.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
I was homesick.
This road is the afterwards of the civil war.
I was given a pearl necklace.
It took a few days to locate your home.
We have this major who makes us stand reveille every morning , rain or shine , which gives you an idea ... If we kept it on the move , it 'd sound like a lot of jeeps.
I 've already published six books , but no Italian author is able to live from writing.
- When she was young -.
God chose a simple girl as intermediary.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Which was at Actium , in Greece.
Worries over.
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
Why are you holding your stomach ?.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
An invisible nerve gas which disperses 1 5 minutes after inducing complete unconsciousness for 24 hours.
The mask wo n't come off !.
A machine was a thing ofjoy then , built to last a man 's lifetime.
We have to start from scratch.
We can just go to bed together every time you pass through New York.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
The point is , the Foreign Office believe the police.
You swept me off my feet and carried me to your cabin.
You think it 's more of a young person 's art.
The Spider was here.
You just want me to have this flower ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
How would you like to go to sleep and wake up in a new world ?.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
It 's powerful , it 's sophisticated , but it 's not infallible.
An economic upheaval had occurred.
He never had a chance to fire.
I could go to my old teacher Makino ... he 's the only honest man i know.
At Berchtesgaden they still refer to you as the " Bald Eagle of Stalag 13 ".
The hypo that I gave him should last for about one hour.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
It has a point like a pencil.
It occurred to me that nowhere in the rules does it state a tournament player may not take advantage of any aid he can.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
If nobody claims it , you can keep it.
It 'll mimic all the symptoms of Beck 's bacteria.
And when I bought it not half an hour ago you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squawk.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
The safe is for official business only.
As it was addressed to you , sir , I thought you might like to have it.
They have to keep it isolated.
It ca n't live with any other animals.
Your insurance is no good.
Your insurance is no good.
The truth is ... I 'm cursed by a cat.
Thirty - seven not accounted for.
It 's one of the red queen 's hats.
- We 'll kill them one at a time - Why ?.
That parrot is definitely deceased , and when I bought it a half hour ago ... you assured me that its total lack of movement ... was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squall.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
You see , Harold , I feel that much of the world 's sorrow comes from people who are this ... yet , allow themselves to be treated as that.
I say if this book ends up in the hands of someone ruthless it could become the source for countless blackmails !.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
I mean , me trying to turn you on , and you trying to turn me in.
Set the dials on zero.
You came here just to give me this routine ?.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it loves smoke so much that it has to have it all.
It 's a wound in my leg.
The camera is up high.
Yes-- do you know , in our laboratories We have developed a cheese sandwich that can withstand An impact of up to 4,000 pounds per square inch ?.
You aim to be a mother you get yourself a bonnet and a Bible.
That is what the eye sees.
I 'd feel naked without it.
Must be in the fuel line.
It was laying on the ground.
The original driving license.
The way things are these days , it 's good to be eatin ' , period.
In the church ?.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
You thought you were gon na be Mrs. Rich , did n't you ?.
It is all that is left of a mighty continent now sunk beneath the waves.
Lucita and I have broken all the rules.
You 'd have bled to death by then.
This place is against life.
The altimeter is marked ALT -.
Because you 're a torch and I need a specialist.
I 'd like one of those police dogs.
I have my own advertising slogan : Try me.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
The force globe is flexible in only one direction per unit of time.
The church is empty.
I 'm so sorry , I 'm afraid the dining room door seems to have disappeared.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
They kick you out after 22 years , they ought to have a brass band.
A man has but one body , Like a single cell.
I 'd think what a mad , impetuous fool he is.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
-I know ... I was held up.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
But Kuramochi , if it exploded in a crowded area , it would kill thousands more people.
Yes , you like it.
Miss Henderson , would you like to see our acrobatic act ?.
Because you daddy and your brothers and sisters and your grandma and your grandpa are all laughing at me.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
He talks about murdered whales and piles of schrimps.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
This Fist set is designed for girls.
Did Etienne give it to you ?.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
Hilary 's papa was in our diplomatic service in London.
You 're not gon na give up your apartment , are you ?.
But you 've got a nice apartment -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
Did Father Merrin ever name the demon ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
What 's the latest wine - to - water ratio ?.
Well , I am getting my clothes , you fool.
It 's a huge snake with red scales.
It belongs to a guy called Gorchi.
If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage.
Our recorded history tells us that we descended ... from a mother civilization ... a race that went out into space to establish colonies.
Your friend Geiger gave you a key.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
I think today they just starve the little girls to death.
You eat Cheerios.
Man can not live by booze alone.
You hit me ?.
" We need to cross because there 's a dog loose in the wood " ".
HAVE A TOMATO (.
Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle.
This map had been a legal orthodox buy from an antiquarian 's bookshop.
Jesus ....
- Um ... I do n't know ... Because he may know how to kill it.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Does the world really exist ?.
- Young ? -.
It 's bright and yellow.
It has a brick fireplace and a cute bedroom with mirrors on the ceiling and ... Red Leader !.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
There comes a call like thunder 's roar Like clash of swords Waves dashing on the shore Summoned by the drums to fight My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
I also heard that she threw a bucket of water out of the upstairs window and got him soaking wet -.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
I read the file -.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
It 's a computer , Marty.
Mr. Hunter , this is only ... I 've got 2.6 million dollars worth of gems arriving ' tomorrow.
They found Rambo 's body.
Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
Your Highness , I read there was a dispute over the ownership of the Pink Panther.
I saw it with my own eyes going out of the window.
I do n't have to fight with you.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
We have actually shown that there is a clock.
lt does just fine by itself.
Is this The Flying Saucer ?.
Of course you know Comrade Borchoi , the curator of the Hermitage.
I 'm going to the Cape tomorrow.
Gus has just come back from the second trip in space.
Sometimes I think we 're all gon na get electrocuted.
It 's so crisp -.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
This scheme is so reckless.
If I do n't fulfill my mission , I 'll be killed.
And Louis himself McCarthy is drivin '.
What , you think Walter was murdered here ?.
Take a look at the top of your bat , DiMaggio , and do n't make it look obvious.
The film was virtually complete the day of the explosion.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
The Direktor has actually torn up a huge section of my music.
I 'm working on my ornithop ... Come on , enough 's enough !.
I 'm eastbound in pursuit of a white Lamborghini.
Arrakis , Dune , Desert Planet.
What modifications were made to the robot ?.
The vacuum cleaner 's under the bed.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
Thirty - six hours- James Garner , Rod Taylor.
This nose of mine has a sense of its own ... when it comes to knowing who 's a crook and who is n't.
I made a mess of everything but it was n't my fault.
And he just called with the results.
I want to report a wrongful arrest.
Lots of other common features have n't got names like this small piece of gristle that separates the nostrils.
The testicles were boiled in soy sauce and the vagina has just a blood sauce.
He confided in you , told you what he 'd found out.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Concept came from the Pyramid of Giza , see and we were like the pharaoh 's engineers.
Set the V - gain to filter RF ambient.
I 'll be in medlab.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
The teleporter insists on purity.
No , we need a field near a natural water source.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
Tomorrow I 'm doing a commercial with a family that loves each other.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
They hit the 3rd District in an hour.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
But I had no idea it had mysterious powers.
But it 's only 95 calories.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
Oh , it 's hay fever.
Well , then it died in its sleep.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
His stuff has to be all folded very carefully and neatly put away in his drawers , all color - coded like his stupid socks.
He killed our dog !.
What 's your pleasure , Mr. Cotton ?.
It wo n't chip , peel , blister , crack , flake , or rust in any way.
One day I asked my father to reveal to us the secrets of the Komo so that all might profit of that knowledge.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
I did it with mirrors.
He was dead when I found him.
It frees us from burden , takes care of our needs.
Not on your ring finger.
What do you hope to learn ?.
You know , when someone is hated as much as Mrs Boynton was ... a sudden death by natural causes seems a little too convenient.
The rose - red city half as old as time.
Roses , greenfly , spray , syringe !.
So , Linda , you told me you 're working at a diner.
We had a little accident.
A sculpture takes time.
The human body is a world that moves , that pulsates.
It was him and my father 's wife ... It was Frank and Julia.
My head is just fine.
Must repair wiring to memory.
I could use a love potion on her !.
I could use a love potion on her !.
No , she is n't.
That new technique I used for sealing him up is terrific.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
The fiance , Charles Loverton - West.
Who is Major Eustace ? -.
But tell me ... The window where you found the body ; it was in the back of the library , overlooking the garden , yes ?.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
Jean - Luc Picard , Captain of the Enterprise.
Captain , I am frightened but ... I ca n't leave Rana , even if it means my life.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me -.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
After one date -.
Lieutenant Leslie Chapham , Arkham Police Department -.
In the bureau of the room of the Mr. Cavendish , under some clothes , I found a small bottle of poison.
It was logged in as a B file.
Down by the river.
It 's all that ghost 's fault Do n't hug it.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
Monsieur Fingler , this jacket is too tight -.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I do not believe his message was intended to express fatigue , but to suggest a course of action -.
Your every wish will be fulfilled -.
This is the very first Basotile ever created.
Jacques Renault 's blood is AB negative.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
I think it 's a .357 Magnum.
A guy who left you for your best friend ?.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
So have you heard from Linda ?.
( Dieter laughs ) Do n't laugh about other people 's misfortune.
You start this shit , I 'm out of here !.
And I promised Samantha 's father I 'd never let anything happen to her.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
But we have a $ 1000 worth of shoe coupons.
A creation what it is already conquering the United States , of Nova Iorque the Hollywood.
If your people have known for generations their sun is dying , why not simply evacuate the planet ?.
-It 's in the blood.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
See , I was at a ... - ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Sometimes she cooks a pot roast.
This box does n't exist.
It is so simple.
For if the head is man 's noblest appendage - it is the most unpleasant part of a trout.
Yes , sir , what would you like to hear ?.
They raised the cost of heating , and we ca n't afford to buy a new TV Guide.
Marriage leads to everything bad in life : Work , kids , Habib shirts.
This equipment was designed for a different era.
Computer , show me a rectangular conference table.
The probe is moving with us , holding relative position.
The society is genetically integrated.
Cmdr La Forge is especially ... It did n't finish sealing the plasma conduit.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
I came up the island to look for a new horse.
It 's a long shot , but it 's ... Well , it 's legal.
Ignore your psychic abilities.
Had a sister who went to England 20 years ago , a brother who died in 1987 -.
The door was unlocked.
You do n't want to startle it.
As my accountant , tell me , should I be alarmed that the auditors are reviewing my books ? -.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
We 're going to see the gators , girls.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The first is the staff a symbol of strength , yet flexibility.
The dragon has a wing.
See , Lear understood the world was decaying around him.
To see him like that was just ... Police are calling it a hit - and - run.
But do you really think that I would n't have a plan ?.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
I 'm not nearly as understanding as Curzon was.
It contains much more than just emotions.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Pattern lock established.
The victim is a Thomas Werner , single , white ... It 's Tooms.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
The wild branches tried to grab me.
Divorce the son of a bitch.
Go , Jack !.
He must work out.
Your uncle had some congestion.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
Death sets in after ... uh ... 7 minutes.
My father left me a hunting book.
There was no baby.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
We should know very soon if the machine has truly accepted him.
As a matter of fact , after my stint in the navy , I spent a year as a crane operator.
Well , that would be really nice , because ... it 's been my fantasy to be with a man who enjoyed doing the same things I do.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
See , Superman saved me from this building the sound guy blew up and even though I 'm not a reporter I thought I 'd write down a few paragraphs , show the chief but I can finish it someplace else.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
Daddy , I 'm ruined.
They crashed in the Andaman Sea off Burma [.
Last dry dock all galley vents were routed to refrigeration.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
I used that in the Aegean campaign.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
It 's a two - man game.
The object could have been dangerous.
The man there says he has Molor 's head in a box.
I took care of your grandmother 's house.
You can be the sheriff and arrest anybody that comes to town.
Nobody messes with the " do " !.
Her name 's Rosanna.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
It seems Godzilla 's temperature is rising.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
Mademoiselle ... Mademoiselle Sally , you are on the terms amicable with the other students ?.
He 's going to get my coat , Joey !.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
STAR Labs has a subzero chamber there.
21 st century history is not one of my strong points.
There 's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream -.
So far , our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe , each on a progressively narrower band.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
If you leave , you must not do any work , change clothes , or bathe for four days.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
Three days ago you pulled a job at the Army Research Facility.
I think I nailed it.
Just put it down and I wo n't have to kill you.
Our own economy would collapse overnight.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
But really I was trying out for track.
It 's a purely professional curiosity.
You got a real hard - on for this Styler guy.
This is my friend Genevieve from montpellier.
It 's the famous Krupp 88.
It 's smooth and pretty , just like a movie star.
It 's a guaranteed franchise.
If the warrior caste will not fight , then the rest of us will.
- I 've never seen anything so fantastic -.
At 40 strokes , it will kill even a Narn.
The Babylon Project was our last , best hope for peace.
Kudos on that hat joke.
Because I understand your parole officer watches the show every night.
That I actually remembered it.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
- You 've got the wrong job -.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
- You all have to leave immediately -.
The bomb almost exploded.
It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
If you stopped thinking , so much about poetry ... you 'd make your father happier and you 'd make more money than him.
If you stopped thinking , so much about poetry ... you 'd make your father happier and you 'd make more money than him.
It 's a work of art.
What a big bell !.
Take my own mezuza in that tree of yours up there.
I am sure your dad just got held up in court again.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
The Law forbids us to watch you go.
I have to take my grandmother to the country.
You must learn to control it.
T minus three minutes and counting.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
Stuck in a nowhere job.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
This " gift " makes you see horrible images.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
As some of you know , the board has voted to move curfew to sundown and to increase security patrols.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
I 'll contact the Bajoran Militia see if they can spare a few ships.
There is a wondrous invention inside this building.
Someone will serve 50 years of cryostatic suspension for that murder.
Uh , the most recent entries are kind of strange.
Uh , the most recent entries are kind of strange.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
So , because he was n't born on this planet , he does n't have rights any more ?.
But only at the risk of destroying yourself ( whirring ).
If you were to invite me in as a friend , we could have a drink -.
He looks like a fucking loser.
And her horse fell ... and Judith 's foot was caught in the stirrup.
It ran right into Judith , and ... And she just disappeared.
I shall soon be cleaning the fireplace with Danielle ! -.
Bud Parker , William Johnson ... you are charged with desecration of a public building ... and with the intentional use of prohibited paint colors ... in violation of the Pleasantville code of conduct ... and laws of common decency.
Magic is n't just spells and potions.
Copy it and send it for me.
Carbon - based elements in the fossils ... exist only in the Magellanic galaxy.
You ever consider that he might be in bed with the other side ?.
He has heard your music and it is good.
That night was Todd Sparrow his soul air.
- You did n't recognize the man who attacked you , did you ? -.
I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure ".
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Now , this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare , I assume.
I have n't been able to give it time because we 're up to our ears looking for the hit man after Garibaldi and there 's less than eight hours until the ceremony.
Its roots are deep and can withstand the worst storm.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
But the case I 'm about to describe is so horrific , it should never be discussed outside this room.
- l mean " base camp " -.
Bajor will be reborn.
I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless.
It 's generating as much energy every minute as a typical star puts out in a year.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
I limped back to the engineers on Benthos with phaser holes through their brand- new exatanium fuselage.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
Well , if you think about it , the human body is just a machine.
We need a name.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
What is the Matrix ?.
♪ You would never lie to a friend ♪ ♪ 'Cause you were so high you were so shy ♪ ♪ You were so fucked up anyway ♪ ♪ Life keeps on tickin ' , ticking ' , ticking ' , ticking ' ♪ ♪ What 's wrong , baby ?.
Abandoned in Queens.
The issue here is whether someone totally unsuited for public office can buy his way into the United States Congress.
Asses of Fire is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America.
We have fifteen thousand men attacking Russia.
But there 's a place here called " Hemmeligheder " -.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
Call me crazy but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project an image of success at all times.
But I bought it.
Believe it or not , the secret to all this is actually imperfection.
I fucked up on Mary with the depth of field.
Casey is doing well.
I answered , " lt 's given up the ghost ".
Hear the Word of the Lord , Lord of the worlds whose anger was soothed by your prayers : The village of Polana will not be crushed by an iron rod , nor scattered like the desert sand.
How can a purse drop off from a closed handbag ?.
Nightmares are caused by irrational fear.
I think this is a summoning spell for something called ... Gachnar ?.
Restore him , or you do n't get what you want.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
They were playing the Timewarp , I hate the Timewarp ! -.
The Link is part of what we are.
He claims you called for him -.
Being unfettered by ethical subroutines has made me far more efficient.
This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
So we 'll fly it to a closer planet with a Stargate -.
It 's an implant.
I could eat a whore.
Sean will be suspicious if I turn up and say " Honey , I 'm home ! " -.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
The baby was a dream about life.
I have been told of a certain sea snake ... which has a very unusual method of attracting its prey.
You can wear my clothes when you 're done.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
Frenchy makes the best cookies in the world.
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to spot a clinker like this.
Tyrone will drive for us.
I hope you can appreciate the concern I have for my friend Franky.
This tree 's got duende.
I had it changed in America.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
I am not your hero , your great guy.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Have some foie - gras , Lover.
10 bullets were recovered at the scene , but one was never found.
Seems wrong that I should die while the sun is still so bright.
Lindsey.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I think the spell is working.
At its present altitude , it 's been operating for over 200 years.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
The enemy has many spies in his service : Birds , beasts.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
It 's just the ... migrant workers.
It 's just the ... migrant workers.
It 's just the ... migrant workers.
Dad 's code name must be Hombre.
The crystal thrives on the collective emotions of all who came before us.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
The knight Gregoire de Fronsac and his companion Mani ... were neither hunters , nor were they soldiers.
So then , it shows us what we want.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
JACK : Yeah , looks like it.
Sure hope nothing stops you from becoming a viable entity because I hate when that happens.
Yesterday , imagery Analysis delivered a file requested by Muir 's secretary to your office.
It 's been lovely weather again today , has n't it ... out of the sun , of course.
I do n't want to die.
Halt Lord Rokkaku 's attack on Hikoyama.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Director : Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
Today we want to introduce : the latest chainsaw , " Blues Campbell 's Right Hand 2 " !.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
Here 's a good example of how we can reroute the energy flow to protect our critical systems.
When she came in " , I totally forgot about the camera.
The op - ed page is sad.
I think it works.
The key still wo n't go into you.
I have n't been hanging out with Turk since he 's been dating Carla.
Maria has ten dicks -.
You 'll make this place the biggest Jersey club since the Stoned Pony.
Starfleet has a mission for you.
Her cortical node is shutting down.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
Pentagon feels that Dr McKay is the world 's foremost expert on the gate -.
The iris is holding , but it 's starting to heat up.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
Nothing on or off world resembles the architecture.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
It 's a tunnel from the old system.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
WE CANNOT TRUST THE WEST.
The tires felt a little splashy on the way over here.
THAT IS THE GENIUS OF THE N2 K , MR.
Jack Barnes.
Hey , Susie - Q. What you up to ?.
You are a bloody amateur.
There is n't anybody who can help you.
Jack , it 's Lloyd Bowman.
By calling me here , you people have committed a grave mistake.
There 's even rumors of a new Muggle Protection Act.
I want to restart my career.
Hear the dog howl and come back !.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But a body once soiled can never be made pure.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
We should prepare in case Khasinau 's men show up.
It took you three months to kiss me.
I had this enormous crush on Madelyn Pruitt.
It 's a time of magic , all right.
He can hurt me ... without his head exploding.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
We 're talking about the Sea Hag , mysterious monster of the deep blue sea , whose name strikes fear in the hearts of sailors everywhere.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
Well , just take it back.
The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought after.
They brought the weapons online right when we needed them.
So , we stay away from doggie , we find the Grudeks and we bring them down.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Pilot ... what the yotz is wrong with the lights ?.
I wrote a song about the experience.
An oscillating chair -.
Clark called , said he needed my help.
It does n't matter.
It takes guts wearing a pink shirt on the BPD Homicide unit.
This is the queen.
In my experience , there 's usually not a three - hour lag ... between the call ... and the delivery.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Fill that line in !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
It 's these dreams , Doctor.
The thin skin , that 's the Earth 's crust.
A revolution is n't a gala dinner.
They 're the same species of curculio.
Mom and Josephine are at the end.
Is it the fan belt ?.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
Its body armour is five times more effective than the armour you wear now.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
The perfect human has to eat and drink.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
As for being a mass killer , does not the world encourage it ?.
Then use that is Their existence is not retired , return to the mainland ?.
It was wired in a way that made it impossible to diffuse it.
Jack Bauer and Ryan Chappelle are on the line -.
The sun is not cold in the winter.
Shipman " could refer to the airfield in the Mojave desert.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
It nearly decapitated me with my own stake.
It 's all about you.
I just do n't understand how all this could have happened.
I ca n't just pick up and leave and move to Hong Kong for the next six months -.
Rinse it out and put it back where you found it.
We charge our weapons the same way.
Some of those eruptions are getting close to Enterprise -.
You 're not getting enough sleep and you 're watching too much of this.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Exhibit A. Any idea how it works ?.
It is the only way to protect our people.
The mission will only be successful if I 'm on it.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
No BMWs have come through here.
Just undiscovered science from an American ... named Thomas Edison -.
I left it at school.
So you had your heart stolen , have n't you ?.
She told me that she is meeting with her youngest sister.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
Is the objection signed by a member of the Senate ?.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
Because a bottle of wine is actually alive.
The device you 're wearing is hooked into your upper and lower jaws.
I 'd prefer a hotel.
He wo n't get well if you do n't take care of him.
Been in the pool , destroyed any fingerprints that might have been on it.
The bastard ... " In memory of a loving weekend ".
We have turned the page of government interventionism ... The present debt was the illegitimate offspring of the military dictatorship.
These are her musical scores.
Younger brother , your wife just kicked me out.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
If anyone suspects that I was here , there will be an investigation , and both of us will go to prison.
In a day 's time , they 'll liquefy.
It 's the only place he can go to avoid being sensed.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
To initiate the station 's self - destruct sequence.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
All right , we might have had a glitch or two , but nothing that would n't have been corrected before production.
The CD - ROM has over 10,000 tyre tracks for comparison.
I do n't feel like I 'm sitting at 12 o'clock.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
If you 're killed in the game , it will reset and you 'll start again.
We need to load it into the mainframe.
His white cell count is coming down -.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
It 's one of Anna 's sketches.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
That is why perfecting the drug is so important.
Long ago this city was a testament to our imagination , our creative spirit , to endless possibility.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
Well , for one , the price of steel has doubled.
When I got out in ' 91 , the first thing I did was go looking for Lauren and Serene.
Love can be cruel -.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
If you do n't the soldiers will come.
It was constantly being changed for various reasons.
It has to do with the eclipse.
Are you in love ?.
But he did n't do anything to you.
Do you think things have a purpose ?.
I do n't have a gun -.
This machine , it crawled out of the ground , started torching everything.
I wanted to tell you I got your letter.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
you do n't have to compete with her.
Your skin is different from I remember.
It 's like a zucchini.
I do n't want to play.
You 've made an old man piss in his pants.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
You would just think that , if our parents are going to destroy the world children would never do that.
The mirror fell to earth and broke into a million billion pieces.
- Do you write poems ? -.
The table is just right for the new play.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
- He 's right on top of me -.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
It 's capable of learning , evolving.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
Anyway- Margaret Blaine , she 's with MI5.
The Daleks destroyed my home , my people.
Cup of tea -.
Major Reed and the Doctor have asked for a few minutes ... to show me their latest project.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Simply , Einstein 's ... attempt to ... explain the mind of God.
Which reminds me -- your sneaker factory in Canada -- I have a sneaker factory in Canada ?.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
The allacco cabernet.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
The temple at Dakara is sacred to all Jaffa.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
I think it was ultimately designed to take control of the navigational system , fly the ship right to them.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
I 'm going crazy.
Cultures all over the world believe that eating human flesh gives a person certain abilities : speed , strength , immortality.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
So salmonella is on the rise , so no.
His name 's Victor Pratt.
The case is closed.
The Legion gets the comb.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Where is the keystone ?.
The Grail.
True enough , this compass does not point north.
You have killed us all !.
You must describe the social conditions more clearly.
Katharina was clutching this cross.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
It was in your jacket.
Is it clear or is it milky ?.
You 've lost some weight.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
Astrid was a medical student.
Well , it 's the most unbelievable thing you 've ever seen.
Madame Rosaleen Cloade -.
I think you should go , Klara.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake till ... Does this bus have a gas can ?.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
This place is created by you.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
I give you your new vice - president , Dr. Gaius Baltar.
Hey , bottom line , we 're to hell and gone from where we 're supposed to be , Skipper.
You do n't want the rainforest to die , do you ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
It 's about the doll and the garage door.
This inspection sticker expired yesterday -.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Your mom said some pretty horrible stuff about him when we were growing up.
By the time he got back to Fort Douglas , the Shtriga disappeared.
The vaccine was in here !.
They 're about to remove Hannah 's liver.
It 's headed straight for the planet where we left Beckett and the prisoners.
Last night I saw a shooting star.
" I 've never had an orgasm " -.
It wo n't fall asleep.
The work being done in this place is important , Eko.
Tried to talk some sense into her , but she 's a tad on the stubborn side.
And we 're hoping to use your proof as a theoretical basis ... for building a bridge from a parallel space - time to ours.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , that 's the Diamond Blossom.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
She 's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
Tattoo artist who gave it to him must have spent a lot of time on him then.
It 's the head writer of The Girlie Show , Liz Lemon !.
Well , you had every right to be.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
The town gets rid of Jonah Prowse and you get to save face.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
Owen 's been studying this one , thinks they have a low level of telepathic ability to share emotion across distance.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
So ... You are Robin Hood 's famous outlaws.
The message you sent with Carter.
But I know that if Ray makes it , he 's gon na wake up and he 's gon na have no one.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
This song just started coming to me.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
People are rising from the tyranny and oblivion to which we in the West have consigned them.
JOR - EL : Kal - El , the crystal you carry was made by Zor - El.
Raja 's going home.
He still owns it , what , 20 years from now ?.
Yesterday in your bedroom , in your real bedroom , it did n't roll.
I need a lift to Cannes.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
He 's had eight hours of normal monitoring.
Why , you are nothing but an old man in a tent , sitting in rags , playing hoop - a - lou with the wind -.
You need to know the story of your great - grandfather 's demise.
Shuuhei - san ... but your father arranged for Ajino - sensei to be a judge in the competition.
No , we never put anyone through directly to the vehicles.
I like the mask because it hides my face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
It 's for M. De Marigny , and was just handed to me.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
You need to come back tomorrow morning , 8 a.m. , when we 're open.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
The West sold weapons to both sides and we stupidly played their cynical game.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Last week , I received a letter from an old friend in London.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
What I can say is that this strategy has patience and determination at its core.
Dye 's going into his liver , but it 's not coming out.
And he swallowed something stuck to a fridge.
What time is he picking you up ?.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
Coordinate with first - responders in all target zones -.
It 's hitting the planet.
I own a farm.
You did n't really like the movie , did you ?.
His Majesty the king and Lady Anne Boleyn -.
The disease of Lutheranism.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
That is why we are wearing English uniforms -.
Gregg was testing treatments For a charcot - Wilbrand syndrome , Which means ... um , I , uh , I ca n't dream.
I think about the Infield Fly Rule.
I 'm a leg doctor.
But the Monsterpus has loved us from afar since we were amoebas.
The formula must be destroyed.
I 'm working with the home secretary , and we 're doing a background check on Hannah Cleary.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
He was a soldier , and he was .... He was a hero.
He was a hero.
Yeah ... good old Sam , back at the loft.
I had your baby , and I gave it away.
They just want you to be as miserable as they are.
The bra is called the Harlequin.
No , after my tongue has swollen to the size of a brisket !.
He just bought a second house in Catalina.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
His ghost appeared every night in the lab.
It 's for my little patients , The elves.
- Where 's the printer ? -.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
I 'm the Doctor -.
I understand your helicopter crashed onto the island.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The creature knows this territory well.
Whoa , jeez , the planet must 've undergone some serious climate changes.
The kidney is like a chandelier.
Do you know what a bullet does to a living person ?.
Yeah , and the Lone Ranger did n't have a thing with Tonto.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Also , do you know anyone who can look after a kid ?.
This episode 's gon na be great.
Well , he 's lost a lot of blood.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
I 've always really liked this color.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
Look , Garrison , my wife did n't want a penis in the house.
The liver was the only organ missing.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
You want me to call for an evidence truck to come down here ?.
We thought about using a natural - language interface but decided against it.
In the near future , a computer system called Skynet takes over the world.
We all live in town.
Assassin , this is Godfather.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Look , it 's been ... very interesting working here , but ... I 'm a man of science , and this place is just ....
You ca n't inject a Federal Officer with sedatives , steal government property , and then escape from protective custody , and then ask to be not treated like a criminal.
It 's got a 300 - volt punch.
But why not grace and ryan ?.
Politics is the art of the possible.
I do n't want my fiance to be called a coward.
Means he accepted your invitation to the ball.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
5.56 NATO ROUNDS ... MIXED IN WITH SOME 9 MILLS FROM THE SUBMACHINE GUNS.
ANYBODY WHO WANTS TO WALK AWAY CAN DO IT RIGHT NOW *.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
Glorious " is an emotional response.
It matches a description of General Grievous ' fighter.
Not long after the war broke out , he was accused of treason.
Well , we got two dead kids.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
We 've had pizza twice this week , so I made you a proper meal tonight , with vegetables.
This is a military installation.
Just ... Holler if you need me.
You said you threw the gun out.
The 3,000 manatees left in Florida are one of the last surviving sirenian tribes in the world.
It 's a great way to get a bunch of innocent people killed.
His girlfriend , samantha , received a large lump sum deposit about three days after roger 's suicide.
That was Bob Cornell at NSA.
The lab found Godshaw 's DNA on it.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
Bootsie the pantry shitter ?.
It has a taste for our family 's blood now.
We spend 5 bob here , we spend five bob there.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
Will you marry me ?.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
I fixed the garage door -.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
I 'm being rehabilitated.
I really loved my father.
You slapped a piece of cheese on it.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
You tell me I look great.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
While discussing important objects , I put Anne 's marble on my desk.
Andrew Staines , Ellen Hunt , Michael Sanders , mean anything to you ?.
They are servants of Sauron , and he seeks the Ring of Barahir.
I feel somewhat responsible because it was the Flipper TV series that created this multi - billion - dollar industry.
When you 're out swimming in the ocean and you have whales and dolphins come by you , it is one of the most incredible experiences ever.
He knows the location of the Ring ?.
In 2007 it kidnapped Dr. Alistair Fleming and forced him to regrow its organic covering.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
The door is locked , Michael.
E island is a mysterious place.
It 's called Labella 's.
It 's happening !.
The movie received lukewarm reactions.
Have you even seen this show ?.
I do n't have a boat.
Pain does claim the soul much more than does delight but the soul ascends to a higher level Heinrich such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
His name 's jonathan Carver , a man with the right clearance at the right company ... and the only employee who does n't have a family , a dog or an A.D.T. Account.
You know what the Talmud says ? ".
Growth proteins.
He 's got a girlfriend.
Then Tony McHenry was killed when it locked up on the racetrack.
Just get me to wine country.
This is all your fault !.
It 's a bio - chip.
November 822 , pilot in distress !.
Man , I 'd like to see her face , too.
Imagine that each letter had a number in this alphabet.
What if his last living act was to donate a part of his liver ?.
It 's called " What 's The Point ? ".
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
You 're making me wonder if this pizza is worth the 22 - hour drive.
What is the Crystal of Neahtid ?.
- Do n't move !.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I 'm sick of pills !.
I was standing right next to my son.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
But the Illuminati were infiltrators.
I want you to go to the storage locker , clear it out.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Kyo is a half - breed.
It can give you great strength and power That 's addictive and destructive.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
This tubular pillar is crucial to the Buddha.
The anchors of the show are difficult and semi - talented -.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
I keep that gun for sentimental rea-- Do n't shoot !.
A Russian film actress.
Well , Max comes from Maximus It is also the diminutive of Maximus.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
You got ta embrace the cliches , Jess They are the bread and butter of all valedictorians.
I looked out the windows when we were in Lincolnshire , I saw this fucking tree.
René Fulcignoni.
My father 's coffin- you found it ?.
I just want you to deliver a message , that 's all.
I mean , each robot would be unique and uncopyable.
Now it would be great if you guys were n't here.
He gave me the specs , I made the device , I put it in a basement at the epic hotel.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
Yes ... that 's it , it 's Babin.
So they turn around the earth all day and return to Belgium at night , to sleep.
Alice ... Have you seen my gun ?.
Doug is in New York.
The rabbit ... No can do.
I fear I slept through most of it.
We have been deceived into thinking that we must be a part of it.
You do n't like the vacuum sweeper ?.
The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i 've got an insurance policy that 's gon na keep that from happening.
Look , I 've had several complaints , but the company is not going to admit it made a mistake.
I 'll fuck up my car.
But marriage is n't a prize , is it ?.
GRUNTS ] Look , the legend of Siobhan McDougal is just a ghost story.
You smell like lemongrass -.
They do n't do covert protection details unless it 's a big deal.
No , but you once used it to take the Sword and compass from me.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
It 's not that I do n't love you , but I 'm still not sure that we have a future together.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
You 're wrapping yourself in the flag So you can keep me from bringing in an account Because you know every chip I make , - Why you little ... - Roger !.
Anna , please see that Lady Mary is fully equipped to go hunting.
It was her idea to join a group of eco - terrorists.
The dog is gone.
Yeah , my life partner and I will see you then.
Plympton know that you 're here.
Atlanta is n't what we thought.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
The Scarlet Letter.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
It can see your thoughts and feelings.
And it 's on this DVD.
Should be back to the boat in about 10.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
Walter said Mason was unpredictable.
Even if we get eyes in ... The front door opens the wrong way.
LOCKWOOD : It 's good for Tyler to have you in the house -.
What do you know about the moonstone ?.
There 's a lump of plastic that used to be a laptop.
Stocks fell off a cliff ... the largest single point drop in history.
The murderer is still a free man.
Do n't do this.
The honey was not sold until the end of the 19th or into the 20th century.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
So you played baseball as a boy.
Lady Rochford and other maids of Her Majesty have come forward with corroborating evidence of their frequent intimacies.
Chance is all over it.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
The blood - type of the semen 's donor is the rare RH - A type.
Alex , your movie just blew up.
That pie smells really good.
These are numbers -.
The weapon is n't the source of the events.
You were my first friend and you accepted me without question.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
Say hello to the brand - new Italian reading lamp that you 've always wanted.
Our analysts use Echelon to electronically intercept the words " Iverson " and " Royce Global ".
Hooman has a crayon.
I thought it was such a great idea For you to go live with your grandfather.
They just want to kill you for no reason ?.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Why was she wearing the suit ?.
It must have slipped onto her at some point.
Could you make out the model or make ?.
Do you have enemies ?.
Because any one of them could turn against you.
Yeah , we found it.
Looks like Alex believes in karma.
My name is Thomas K. Rhumor , and I have proof that Truxton Spangler is manipulating intelligence at the American Policy Institute.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
Um ... 11 of these men paroled in the early nineties have the exact same last known address.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I was in a situation , gallivanting through the forest.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
The Kraken is the end of us.
You really do n't have to defend her.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Belgrano is sailing directly away from the islands.
I 'm sick of screwing in the open air.
One guy , he did n't feel like he needed it -.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It detects moisture.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
I ... my TV is not working again.
it comes from Germany.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
I Wish I did n't.
I hope that the row with Paul was not something serious.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
I do n't know how to make it come back.
There 's no sign of a driver.
We give the residue the half - life we want.
Anger is n't the answer.
It 's called Jaws.
Or ... my room at the Waldorfs ' is pretty cozy.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
Talk to me in Japanese.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
Is she going to be okay ?.
My , my own mother took a shot at you.
Please bring Miss Lane 's car inside and repair any damage from the flight.
Yes ... Paul had no choice but to punish his wife ... I love you.
As a nurse , I saw time and again that the best prescription for stress is rest and good food.
It 's complicated or you just do n't wanna talk about it ?.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
Destiny 's mainframe just had a huge power surge.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
Ryan , you do have a soul -.
If it comes to worst , I will take your son under my care.
Plus he was shot , just wanted to get out , treat his wound.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
Many believe the seed of a Gaul to rival that of Jupiter himself.
Tullius is far too cautious to ever lower guard.
Elian is an angry child , but he would not do this.
Joe 's got a soft spot for women.
It gave The Arcadian a regal elegance.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
War is ugly , Cardinal.
We have all sullied it with our greed and lechery.
Steady on.
She 's with your mama.
Blue Energy has two forms.
Shipping container is a default option.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
A rugby team ... is like the Foreign Legion.
The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
Does it make you feel better to kill bad people ?.
Things would 've been good if we had n't had you.
Things would 've been good if we had n't had you.
The worm !.
State of the art.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
You 're gon na save them a bundle on the audio package.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
And the guy would like the option to literally get down on his knees and beg her to give him a second chance.
This ring is pretty amazing.
Previously on " the Vampire Diaries " ... The only thing stronger than your craving for blood is your love for this one girl.
I can always have more children , but I ca n't make crops grow where the soil is dead.
It 's a movie ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
The virus is too dangerous to be released into the world !.
It says she was tear - gassed and possibly beaten.
I could n't save you.
I need to stop the bleeding.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
The Pope 's box ?.
- Do you two have I.D.S ? -.
That said , I do know a 3 - year - old boy that once met a friendly apparition named Leverett Saltonstall -.
But what Greendale has always needed is a miracle.
This place is unbelievable.
You should n't have destroyed it.
I 'm not as strong as I pretended to be in there.
Well , he promised to resolve the situation with nolan discreetly.
Today , at the council meeting , Richard de Berrule will give the signal to the others to suffocate me with the help of a cushion.
If you 're a communist , join the Viet Minh.
Happy birthday , Margeir.
Find someone else , Matrakçı.
I 'm not playing.
Returning is not a skill it is a necessity , İbrahim.
This baby is fully equipped.
Our plane crashed in the desert.
Our world is not more transparent now.
These men are ruthless and vicious.
This has nothing to do with my original logo.
You tried to hang me with your belt !.
Reminds me of one that belonged to my mother.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
We 're taking good care of your investment home.
It was so big and it was so bright.
It was so big and it was so bright.
This is a revolutionary product that will change the world as we know it.
Found 50 quid in one of her old books and what do I spend it on ?.
If every infected person fed on or infected the rest of the people , the entire population would 've eaten itself off the planet long before Christ was even born.
I was scared of becoming the stake in a bet , too.
You will let me build a round nuclear weapon.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
My menstrual cycle started back up again.
Everyone who took the Soy Sauce is either dead or comatose except for me.
Do you have my ring ?.
It was a couple of hours after the sun went down.
It 's a gaming laptop.
I 'm not capable of killing a person in real life.
According to witnesses , I can find Barberis ... Not bad for an office guy , huh ?.
This whole thing was supposed to go off without a hitch.
But the smell of battle will be its own medicine.
And this is seriously the best night I 've had in ages.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
You invented the free will unit , then you selfishly hid it beyond the reach of my stealers.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
The Smart Dust should be re - coalescing at optimal altitude now.
Where 's the fucking Prophet ?.
Your hands are much more sensitive than mine thanks to your condition , so I 'm more than willing to leave this to you.
I can not be a man with wishing , therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
These are both for the same woman ?.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
If you did , you would have done it 28 years ago , when I brought you here.
After that , cut the bell pepper into long strips.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
I wanted it to run faster , so I smacked its butt.
Because if it 's a 3 - way , I got ta warn you , that 's how I met my ex - husband.
Travis is dead -.
Hmm , it was on a washing machine.
I should n't have brought Sam into this [.
While working at his firm , at any time , have you and Will Gardner engaged in a sexual relationship ?.
That move you put on the DB ?.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
Yes , but Mr. Gardner can answer to his own testimony.
My gut says that Stone knew about the illness as well , saw that Kane was unfit for office , so he leaks the Bensenville story under the name Rosebud.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
My fight was never with you.
What a lovely sky !.
It 's not just any zombie movie.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
This hummus is wonderful.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
105th Airborne out of Kandahar , retired.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
Tumer claims that Polyhedrus is using the Chinese as a front , buying the dam on its behalf.
You asked me if the machine was capable of learning human nature.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
So my penis is fine , right ?.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Cats do n't , like , um , play possum , do they ?.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
In the name of rationalisation , the government further degrades the railways.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Just get her out of the barn , it might bring her back to life.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
Full immunity from all charges , both past , present and future -.
24 hours in custody is a long time.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
My mother ... is always watching ... like the " Mona Lisa ".
We were supposed to be together , have our entire lives together.
It can detect grooves and lands on a slug more efficiently than any computer.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
The elders say , someone has cursed the sea.
He just ran behind the thing ! -.
A thicker sound was a better sound.
Did Vincent ask you to come ?.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
I say unto thee , the power of Christ compels you !.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
Actually , sir , it 's in Miami.
I can still see him , the last of those magnificent warriors , standing on a pile of his own.
It 's a piece of ormolu.
I 'm just a lowly factory worker.
Get out of here !.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
It changes matter into dark matter.
But to answer your question , the Lo - yack is an excellent product.
Captain Hu , please show us the route you mentioned.
Call me Qasim.
Madam Zuleika , or Romany Lee , Gypsy Queen ?.
The cheese will be served when I want it served.
Where is the camera ?.
If I brought a senior U.S. Congressman into the fund , that would really up my stock in the company.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Mr. Proctor !.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
They should also study my cock in science class cos it defies nature.
If it could save small Somali children from starving , it would and should , and it 'll have a Nobel fucking Peace Prize for it , the first such prize ever given to a cock.
Chuckles ] Crazy Little Thing made close to $ 300 million worldwide.
I love this place.
Let 's try the first scene You have your sides ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Adam is great.
The Code noir a decree that dictated the conditions of slavery , did not exist on these grounds.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I did n't overrule you on the other.
Luckily you do n't have to worry about censorship with the show because it 's so tame.
Unroll it like this , and the story flows out in the pictures.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
It 's no accident that Zach Hamilton is here.
Lyric was telling me about this blue ring her grandmother used to have.
Hey , if it is n't Jay Plunkett.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
You did n't know that that was a part of the plan , did you ?.
We have to get the tape Harris made of Sanja.
This is the most exhaustive investigation in Swedish history and the only suspect ... - Is Christer Pettersson -.
But then he kind of got fed up when it was so much about me and my career.
Oh , my God , we are Rihanna and Chris Brown !.
Actually , it 's in the Kingdom of Damarian on the north shore of the Dragon Fields of Zorn.
It cured me , August.
At the beginning of the album , the photo you put , before we begin , what will you call the photo of your father ?.
Yesterday I did n't feel in love.
Penguins are adapted to withstand temperatures of 40 degrees below zero , not 40 degrees above.
The advancing Sahara vaporised the world 's largest lake , leaving behind the silvery remains of countless microscopic algae.
All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field.
I love you , Jack.
Caretaker Bang , former triple jump champion , say that Audun Boysen ate two slices of bread with liver pate , three kelp tablets and a tablespoon of powdered kelp before competitions.
Okay , Neruda , this play is extremely complicated.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Meanwhile , the State Police are manning the roadblocks.
National service , it has become worthless.
We just have a few more questions for you about Angie Gower.
You were raised far from reality.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
I do n't need fake IDs.
Your mom really does hate change.
He seeks to suppress it.
To keep it from his father.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Like a black hole.
It moved itself.
You made the machine to protect everybody.
Is our personality genetically pre - programmed ?.
Maybe you need to wake up , start thinking for yourself ?.
It was a beautiful wedding -.
Yes , but it does n't breathe.
So , when it 's washed up , it 's dead ?.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Malibu beach house gets you laid every time.
These objects do not belong to us.
Losing a member of your pack is n't like losing family.
It is a 400 TwinX. A female.
Hey Mom , I know what I want for my ... Where are you going ?.
But no matter what they call it , it wo n't bring back those men , or my family.
Kleinfelter does n't have any priors.
You ordered a raid there six months ago , along with raids on two other high end brothels.
It was empty.
If enough voices cry out , they become one voice that can not be ignored.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
" Innocent of great transgression ".
How many mermaids in a Pod ?.
Just because I printed a fork does not mean my research is a joke.
There 's a junkyard in Tarrytown with an industrial car compactor.
He has n't since he aligned himself with Mubarak during the Arab Spring.
The last one was created to service the Queen 's wishes.
what , did somebody call in a missing doughnut ?.
You got a bra in my silverware drawer -.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
The prophecy is made - up but it 's also true.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
My family had a little situation , so ... Really ?.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
The Box ?.
I remember when this song was just considered bad.
I can flip the switches.
The storm can not be stopped.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
OK.
The Dr.iver must have diverted the train and then detached the last carriage.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
This is our opening night.
It is a fierce and jealous love , Bilbo.
It is a fierce and jealous love , Bilbo.
If I can not liveth with thee ... then I shall not liveth at all.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
The Death Wolf is n't a demon.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Yeah , you can run , but if you leave those gates ... I swear to you , your hideous doppelganger ... who looks a lot like the lead singer of the Counting Crows ... will get it !.
When you sold it to Robbie , how 'd you get it back ?.
We 're going with " I was bullied into it ".
You broke my arm !.
It still does n't work.
That tiger has night vision goggles ?.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
I shake it three times -.
Yeah , Stu used to pop them all the time.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
I know four people are dead.
I have a bad connection.
Ladies and gentlemen , this will be Charles ' and Tom 's first.
The Burguesinha is well loose.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's the first Medal of Honor awarded to a Hispanic - American , Corporal Joseph De Castro.
What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost -- or what 's left of it.
Beijing , China Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
Carved - wood stools ... Anything , mosaic works , as well.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Anger is an energizing emotion , prompts action against threat.
My boy 's wound wo n't heal.
So , you see Humanichs as a cure for childless couples.
He went home with some guy last night.
I was with Beth.
Hey , I 'm looking for Norma Bates -.
I create a boundless world , and I bind it by rules.
I spent so many hours playing with this when I was your age.
There is a bone in the back of your ear.
Translation of Hanna Lise and Dompap Six months later ... It is a real scam.
It 's a lucky charm -.
They showed us we can make our escape through the old canal.
Kelly 's got street maps of the city here , with an intersection marked.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The sun throws a certain amount of energy onto this planet.
It 's a rabbit.
I am a sexy , heroic firefighter , - and you are a burn victim -.
So much pain this body has seen.
You live in a building " ?.
No , the sex was fine.
I found your Mustang.
He wanted a Mob war.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
How are you supposed to see cross traffic when the sidewalk 's a damn jungle ?.
This my dear viewers , is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity for a few minutes uncensored material to see , I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
I 've decided your interests to ask about my life , I would like , that you wake up and change you , Before I tell you what you should do , I give you the facts , And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
You 're a coward.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
First , the lichen is not a cure.
What we 're dealing with here is basically someone who lacks motive.
A Rob Roy.
Then the Aswang would flick its long black tongue and eat the baby.
We have the same microwave.
So there 's a fully - stocked fridge with snacks.
Mr. Roscoe Pelfrey ?.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
Phone has no cell history.
We lost 160 men ... a ... a catastrophic propeller malfunction of some kind.
Dr. Webber can answer all of your questions.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
No , my gut says that whoever ran away is our killer and that Lily Greene is a completely innocent schoolteacher who just had the worst night of her life.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
I like to go to sleep with the sound of Kim 's voice.
You always keep a machete in your room ?.
But you better turn that gun on yourself next , Mr. Collier , because you have broken just as many laws , and the only difference is , I did n't wrap myself up in the American flag and try to convince people that I was a hero.
Anger Management 2x53 - Charlie and His Probation Officer 's Daughter - Original air date March 20 , 2014 Did you find the mouse yet ?.
The French arranged it with my mother.
You just need to come up with little tricks to help jog your memory.
A virus is nature 's way of leveling the playing field.
Quarantine the healthy animals.
It 's a Ficus benjamina.
You mean Don 's office ?.
Me ... I 'm never half - cocked.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
Spare me the suspense and tell me what your " save the day " plan is.
So classical four - dimensional general relativity combined with the nuclear forces can explain the relative abundances of all known elements in the universe.
You need to tell people what happened to you.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
You do n't need to be liked.
DOS , meet DOT.
But he is innocent.
So the angioplasty was a success.
I got out because Re - Kon was high and I did n't like the way he was driving.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
The Espheni are using these roads to haul children to God knows where , which means there 's a damn good chance my daughter 's at the end of the line.
There 's an alien life - form fusing with your human DNA.
Tom Mason ... I must speak with you.
Before his untimely death , my brother implemented a safeguard.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
I got so obsessed with it , for three months I would n't respond to anything but Ariel.
I can hear the recorder in your pocket.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
You could 've left him in the building , you know.
There are other people in the fucking world !.
What do you want with the acetate , Midnite ?.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
You told me you would n't help me fight a war , John.
Benoît living here with you , finding a job at the same hospital where you work -.
You 're having an emotional reaction to your surroundings.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
I 'm seeing stars , my foot hurts so much.
He 'd had it for years.
All right , listen , the terminator 's not dead.
But from my first hearing of it , this tale has haunted me.
I 've always wanted to be a dad.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
Felt weird pointing a rifle at you even if it were n't loaded.
I can not carry this body with me.
I set the alarm at your condo , and I gave my keys to your pet - sitter , like you told me.
But I realize now that keeping something to myself is ... Selfish.
♪ This time will be mine ♪ Rocky 's going to love this place.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
The burro do n't want to vámonos.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
He 's a BB unit with a selenium drive ... and a thermal hyperscan vindicator.
There are parts of the house that are unsafe.
I actually ... I dropped a couch on it.
Jeanine murdered an entire faction , Caleb.
Although , this is the ugliest fucking necklace I 've ever seen !.
I 'm not gon na kill you.
So , we 'll see you tomorrow morning.
So , I think we need huge systemic change [.
It is the military.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
She s been here a year now -.
She s been here a year now -.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
The Mosasaurus !.
You 've said this town is an ark.
A violence initiated by these evil men ... will be brought to justice ... in the name of decency ... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán.
One skin cell , one strand of hair , that 's all I need to grow a piece of Aleister.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
You 're a genius , you shit gold , and Oscars are made of gold.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
A bruised piece of fruit.
All right , try to keep it up for three minutes.
This piece of writing is".obscene.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
I told you , you brought your cell phone into my house.
So , Penny , listen , I saw your movie.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
You 're the one that jumped on the first plane to Iceland without a plan.
The plan 's perfect.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
We 've been pen pals.
It 's going great.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
French lives have been lost , Perales.
Everett ... I think it 's time for us to rebuild our family.
Everyone knew you were the famous Dr. Thackery.
I have nothing to do with you !.
The last thing your mother said to me was your name.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
Now , I do n't know how Matt got it , but I 'd assume that the jacket would have Tom 's killer 's DNA on it -.
Well , I guess this really is n't the kind of place where you get to know your neighbors.
I keep you because you 're a serpent.
Do we talk about teacups and time and the rules of disorder ?.
Would you like to leave ?.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Someone who saw Spencer Hastings in the DiLaurentis backyard with a girl , a blonde dressed in Alison 's clothes , the night that Bethany was buried in that yard.
It 's due east now.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
This city does n't deserve a better tomorrow.
If it continues , the peacekeeping mission will fall apart.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
They named the guitar as a murder weapon ?.
I want pomp and circumstance in the form of an unveiling.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
Lucas 's murder did n't buy you any goodwill ?.
You were ... distraught , rightfully , and your brain scans showed abnormalities.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Catherine mentioned the chapel that Father built for you.
Can you tell me where Jim O'Donnell 's office is ?.
- Previously on Reign ... - The Duke of Guise , your uncle , is - a dangerously ambitious man -.
It does n't heat well.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
The stroller is empty !.
They 're gon na blow up the bridge !.
She will always see Mary as a threat.
Please tell me you have the camera -.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
Ask anybody if they 're dissatisfied.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
It has a percussion cap , Which causes it to essentially explode.
When someone twists a knife in your gut , I feel like I want to twist one right back.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
Any secret , no matter how small , can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you.
The FBI 's always on alert.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
Anyway , with a bit of luck , we can put Excalibur together tomorrow , and then ... bam ... No more darkness.
Fishlegs , that was just about the craziest and bravest , but mostly craziest , thing I have ever seen anyone do.
We all remember what these guys ' stings can do to you.
She had good style , and I 'm sure that a couple of her dresses are in a closet somewhere.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
Aya 's stake was cursed.
The darkness is using you.
Well , the paper is Dutch hemp , and its degradation dates it to the late 1700s.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
They invented the concept the same way Hallmark invented Mother 's Day.
If you want beauty , printed rayon bare jersey will have bright and beautiful colors.
She is a goddess !.
She 's The Machine.
The dealer does n't care , Kripke has no authority over us , and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot.
The world ai n't all Dilly Bars and debutante balls.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
Go to your temple.
You 're on the wrong side of history , Wong.
Then , he leaned in to kiss her , and finally said ... " Oh , that 's rich.
I built it for you.
Everything I do is for you , Alice ... so you can make a decent start in life.
But Father Miller 's understanding of Christ 's soon return can not be ignored.
I love this sweater.
Give it to me.
I 'm from Uffizi Station.
Negative entities often feed off emotional distress.
CHUCKLES ) Its sight operates on probability , so it can foresee the most likely immediate future.
This mission is cursed.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
The last time I had been here was during the delirious celebration marking the end of the Second World War.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's a cursed hat -.
I 'm supposed to meet the President -.
The first three farms are operating and supplying the full five megawatts.
He was my first cousin , but I practically raised that boy.
Creators of a synthetic world : The Humanoids.
The marina is an abomination.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used it to exonerate a client.
It was a simple little commercial.
It was a simple little commercial.
Is it wise to administer a hypertonic saline to a cardiac arrest patient ?.
If it were n't for the Arab , I never would 've forced your father to challenge Kublai in the first place.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Should 've seen it when I got it.
And to the horror of everyone , he killed that little cat.
Do n't give me shit , Koen.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
Did you make Dr. Ronald 's tongue ring , too ?.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
There 's a blockade outside of camp , food rationing inside , jail full of Grounders.
Fairies live there -.
I do n't have one.
Earth 's gravity keeps pulling at it but it 's going so fast , it keeps missing the Earth.
But there are n't any eye slits.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
I can have SCPD see if John 's bullet is connected to any open cases.
It can charge an electric car for thousands of miles.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
He already is with the souls of all of those Argus agents that he just killed.
Darhk plans to burn the world in a nuclear fire while we are protected down here.
This morning , you said that Aurora stole something from me ; you were right.
A rare African American Sling Lizard.
Cathy will negotiate on my behalf -.
The Yakuza were guarding something -.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
This city is screwed up because of you.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
Because some faux version of your brother is upset with something that you did in a fake reality ?.
We 're gon na start our own house.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
Well , it 's more than a gemstone ... it 's also like a kind of onboard computer.
We never figured out where it led to.
It is a magical energy.
It is a magical energy.
Thanks to the brave and tireless work of the FBI , the nuclear device is securely in custody.
I am The Flash.
I got ta drive all the way home to get it.
You 're worse than my husband !.
This TV station is old.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
I want to hear about the second one.
That 's a home movie.
You did n't think the war was right ?.
However , there 's no evidence on the security footage of anyone mailing it from inside the station.
Jake , all of Dallas is gon na be closed down.
The virus protection software I told you about.
We 'll just catch up at the Puffs reunion next month.
The girl was Kinky Boots.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
_ JEN : I 'm telling you , there 's a rat in the attic.
But that is n't until this afternoon.
Well , he 's definitely a pathological liar.
He 's no longer with us -.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
It 's a high - end ice Axe.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
My product ... I need it back.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
We need to stop it , or there could be major casualties.
He 's not much of a phone - answerer , in my experience.
He 's not much of a phone - answerer , in my experience.
The altar is sacred--.
Who asked you to investigate Touvier ?.
You think he 's your first autograph ?.
When I 'm sheriff , the first thing I do is take down that stupid painting in your office -.
He thinks he 's Commander pet.
You came and begged me for help with a case of demonic possession , and now you got your knickers in a twist 'cause I did n't bring you flowers ?.
It makes the noise of some futuristic propulsion system powered by antimatter.
You wanna talk about freedom ?.
You wanna talk about freedom ?.
Everything is fine.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
You 're the Emperor of Rome.
This invention has taken the world by storm in just the last couple of years.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
A magic unlike any other.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
He fosters dogs.
But it 's like the malignancy of any secret , it just kept getting worse.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Doubt leads to death.
Finally , in the year of our Lord 1802 , he took himself off to Africa.
You 're my bodyguard ?.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
So all this is just a bunch of bullshit ?.
You were wrong.
We got a letter from Eileen.
Where 's mom ?.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
Mrs. Cutler had a healthy heart , in spite of her age.
Klaus asked me to see what I can do.
I do n't know how to do it !.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
He said he would hurt me again and again until I gave in to God 's will.
She was a runaway from Philadelphia who had n't seen her family in over 10 years.
Uh , no , I - I do n't need a lawyer.
Doctor .. Dark !.
