Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
-A popular Argentinean song.
Why did you arm yourself with a knife before going to the victim 's dressing room ?.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion.
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
The original ? -.
That 's the famous Beaugard , eh ?.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
You got ta find it.
We 'd all enjoy a few words from Mr. Chandler , who will tell us something of Beaugard 's life and work.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
Beaugard is dead.
That 's a spinach -.
This painting was n't stolen.
Wellmore here is sending a bull train clear through to old Tom Williams 's trading post.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
I 've never told Black Elk a lie yet.
Yes , sir , that pork is nearly done right now.
I do n't mind fists or feet , or even a gun.
Looks like Crows and Cheyennes , Zeke.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
The tractor has arrived , the whole village witnessed it.
What 's that ?.
It 's about me.
With me it 's a closed book.
With me it 's a closed book.
Ca n't you forget you 've seen it ?.
- I 'll be working New Year 's Eve -.
Say , there 's a lonesome touring car down the street.
Tony deserved a swell send - off -.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
Do you like it ?.
- There he is , the dirty double - crosser.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
It was metal on the outside , but hollow inside.
- Yes.
It looks very inviting.
The Abbey could be very attractive , but I should imagine it would need quite extensive repairs.
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
Van Helsing , the distinguished man of science whose fame is known even in the mountains of Transylvania.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
It understands this time.
He said beat it.
– At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
At your aunt 's ?.
She opened her cupboard and gave me a petticoat.
That 's a month apiece [.
Do n't tell me you were drunk and do n't remember -.
About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
Found no skeletons ? -.
- I got ta work , ai n't I ? -.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
I wo n't say it.
If you 'd wanted something all your life and fate laid it right in your palm ?.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
Take it away before the Board of Health gets here.
I think it is , General Shubin -.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
It would be glorious to go with you but I may never be able to see all those splendid things.
I liked it.
You do n't seem very excited about it.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Bank 's broke.
It does n't matter who it is.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Everything'll be all right.
But you said it was safe.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
Maybe it was her aunt.
Want to see it ?.
I 've made friends with her ballet master , Pimenov.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
I think you know what the trustees can do with their suggestions ".
I 'm against it !.
It does n't look like me.
Well , take it away and hang it in my bedroom.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
I 'll not bungle this shot.
It 's adorable.
It 's adorable.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
Some new kind of an alarm clock ?.
Just pour in acetic acid.
He says it 's an awfully rotten area , even for a man.
It 's bad money.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
- Did Johnny send you up here ?.
We 'll lick the whole world !.
- Goodbye.
I thought I hated this country.
- Old man hyena sounds pretty lively -.
If I sold it , I would get ....
I do n't know how I could have lost it there.
" Saving it for the hills ".
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
At the proper time.
- You can remember it ? -.
Well , I ... I do n't see it on you.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
Is it very close to your fair white skin ?.
You 're a busy man , but I must see you.
You 're shooting your own men -.
I 've got some luggage at the station.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It draws colour from everything it touches.
It was injected under the skin , and it turned the dog dead white , like a marble statue -.
It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
It was Kemp.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
It 's rugged and strong and impressive.
Was this what you brought me down here for ?.
- There 's a fire in the lodge ! -.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
- Here 's your long - distance call.
They are probably asleep and did n't hear it.
It 's the silliest thing I 've ever heard.
All you have to do is press the button in the back And it walks out by itself.
What is it ? -.
That was a girl , not a man.
What a linguist !.
That 's the androgynous type.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
- The reward -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
You can give it a try with my fishing pole ... but I ca n't guarantee anything.
" Number 5,673,210,109,212,003 ... Liliom Zadowski , here present ... waives his right to return to Earth for one night ".
You can fix it , ca n't you ?.
You are a smartie.
You are a smartie.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
It 's a green Studebaker-- 98 92 - -.
It 's no tennis club either.
Do you know Marseilles ?.
It was parked at the university.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Cheetah , that is n't funny.
With Tarzan 's memory.
Pick up that ivory.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
On it ?.
I was hoping you 'd find out who did it -.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
Nick , are you sure one of these people is the killer ?.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
Just as in life.
Just as in life -.
Just as in life -.
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you.
I told Nuttall we 'd get to the boat by midnight.
She swore she wo n't do it again.
- Mr. Morrison , pipe the men.
This island is n't real for you and me.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
And it had better be the same with you.
Keep that door locked till dawn.
You can just see it through the trees.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
Then it suddenly struck me.
- I did n't know you were married -.
We are tendering this little surprise party for the ... Will you keep out of the kitchen ?.
Nickie , I 'm sorry.
We 'll start the New Year right -.
It 's his wife.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
Lights went out.
- It 's there next to the salt -.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
Ask him why he threw your gun away , Selma.
Do you know that you 've got a nice voice ?.
If Colonel Campbell accepts our terms and he would be exceedingly unwise not to it would be very simple.
Four - and - a - half years of work , madame.
2,200,000 francs.
There 's something wrong with my car.
Do n't you like it ?.
But do you think it goes with those trousers ?.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It is in my inside pocket.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Hurry , it 's almost daylight.
Now he 's innocent.
I tore it out of a law book.
My husband says it would be a blessing if the community would forget what happened.
I do n't dare sign this , or I would probably get lynched myself.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Now , you fired him , the best man we ever had on libel -.
Take his arm -.
Read it -.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
They 've even met the woman.
I can explain that thing.
I asked him what he was going to do with the money.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
To most people it 's an awful let - down.
It 's a beautiful little town , too.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
That goo that tastes like soap.
You listen to this - when we make an agreement , it is an agreement.
I got some presents for ya.
You kept it.
Let 's try it again from the beginning -.
Miss Carrol , I want to show Mr. Gordon how much you just taught me.
It 's funny how we met , and all that 's happened to us since.
- Bugs.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
Why , the wound on Dearden 's hand is an inch shorter and horizontal.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
Is n't it the most beautiful day ?.
He drew nine three times.
Because your heart is a thing that can be bought and sold.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
I did n't open it , it was for you.
Oh ... Just ... just something I made up.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
All I remember is ... - It was glorious , was n't it ? -.
- It was glorious , was n't it ? -.
Love , jealousy , hate , murder , and all in 35 minutes.
It 's an unusual story.
And I 'm afraid you are a man in love.
It may be more than love , or less than love.
- You must be very happy , Lady Barker -.
Oh , I thought it was only a sub - committee meeting.
It annoyed me that there should be another woman who looks exactly like me.
Yes , you just thought that if I 'd stay up there ... you 'd show me exactly how innocent a night in the country can be , did n't you ?.
I would be most honoured , Your Excellency.
I did it for my country.
I said some people might think eating off of trays was sissy.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He says if we do n't let him and Pogey Williams and Alvin Savage ... join the Buffaloes ... - I 'll have to leave school -.
I was going to tell you it was from me.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
Why , he owns the boat I fell off -.
I read a book on it in Capt.
You 're not going.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
Here.
It 's rather a strange - looking sight.
Dr. Hackenbush he 's got apple dumpling.
Hi Hat 's not on this track.
With a coal shovel , old cans ... We should come up in a garden ... behind those buildings ... It 's open country.
Perhaps ... I admire your care of your geranium.
It is n't a party.
Please stop them.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
The more McGraw cracks him up , the better I 'll like it.
Not while there 's a chance of getting that title from McGraw and Morgan -.
We ca n't meet those nations without Conway.
There must be some connection between the plane and this place.
We have no money as you know it.
I saw a man whose life was empty ".
Maybe 'cause you 've always been part of Shangri - La without knowing it -.
We 're living in the 20th century -.
What do you think of his talk about Shangri - La ?.
We met them here on the train.
is it him ?.
Give it all up ?.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
- It 's after us -.
Give it to it !.
It 's only Dopey -.
How big is it ?.
Was it a dragon ?.
It 's only Dopey -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
- While it 's sleeping.
- Off with its head -.
It covers three beds.
Casey , you 're a fool.
What a nest for a honeymoon.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
You 've all suffered from their cruelty.
Lady Marian ? -.
- Do you want to send a message ? -.
Tell me , when you are in love , is it well , is it hard to think of anybody but one person ?.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
The papers carry a big story of what 's missing.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
For an exhaustive scientific work on criminology -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
It 's a sedative.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
-You do n't have to worry about it.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Why , when you can do it nice and legal ?.
-You wanna make something out of it ?.
What are we gon na do with it ?.
-You've got a great poker face , Rocky.
-You've got a great poker face , Rocky.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
You bought it ?.
It was a free - for - all.
I have reference to a mark on the ball.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
Everything is not all right , Susan.
- Let me see now , what month is this ? -.
No , I think it 's a good idea to continue our walk.
Terribly anxious because I am sure Sorgues was hypnotized.
I swear , Sorgues said nothing.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
Come on , Neddie.
Linda was a girl , so she promptly had Julia.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
He needs it.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
Please do n't make me feel guilty about it.
He 'll be up in a minute.
I do n't think it matters a bit what I think.
For love , true love , is a very rare and beautiful thing.
If that position at the bank is still open I 'll be glad to take it.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Huger aims not to be carried off by anything but drink.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
Major Crandall 's dead with it , for one.
Ned Warrington 's got it.
It just seems to me there are other things more interesting.
I just kind of found me a double - end boat.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Heaven knows what the government will say about it.
I love the arts.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
By noon tomorrow , I 'll have found , rented or bought it all.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Taste it.
Did you hear about it , Grandpa ?.
That 's the reason I 've lived in this house so many years and could never move out.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
- It 's going up.
It 's all over my body now -.
Tell Donald to get a dozen more and an extra can of corn -.
The idea of you engineering this thing and being caught in your own trap.
" I know now the situation between Tony and me is impossible ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
They told me that a man with your record would never go straight.
I was just thinking I did n't know anything about you before and ... And what , Joe ?.
We did n't know who he was.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
" Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
It 's a watch fob.
- About life.
Not much chance of fingerprints ... after the dog 's been playing with it for nobody knows how long.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
I just wanted someone to keep an eye on Nickie -.
- I 'll get those , Nickie -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
I got sick of playing Little Red Riding Hood to that old guy.
I do n't know you 're there.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Gosh , I bet you 've killed a lot of men in the course of duty -.
- Apologize for what ?.
About the size of a pie -.
It 's got beer on it.
- That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
It 's a mighty fine thing when a man realizes he 's wrong ... and tries to correct it in a nice way.
You must be hungry.
It 's the very last of my father 's fine Madeira.
I 'll think about that tomorrow.
It 's all my fault.
I always wanted to be like her , calm and kind and sadly , I 've turned out disappointing.
I can keep the lumber business too ?.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
Grip tightly with your legs.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I wanted you desperately but I did n't think you wanted me.
- Do you lose your cap often ? -.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
The window ?.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
Yes.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
Turn me sick with horror to see it struggling and the sound of its screams ... What 's that ?.
I wish it were now.
What 's the matter with the Hunchback ?.
I did n't know there were women like that.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
We 've been waiting , it 's been four months and we 're just where we were when we started.
Do n't you think it means as much to me as it does to you ?.
Look to starboard.
Well , I do n't like it , and it ai n't the way I aim to have things.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Lead painting 's no good , just like the sand gun.
I 've never seen this before -.
Yes , it is.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
It has a little knob that you turn -.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
- Naturally , it 's not the Royal Suite.
At least the May Day parade is over.
I shall do my best.
How do you like it , Ninotchka ?.
It may hide in the shadow of a minaret.
- Clem came to wish me happiness -.
It 's in her family , is n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
I slipped on the porch -.
And had I that duty , Her Majesty 's conduct has canceled it.
He shall be recalled.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
-I was ill.
This deficit has grown to alarming proportions.
It 's a difficult , dangerous job so how can we blame Lord Essex for refusing to risk it ?.
It was I who intercepted your letters.
Are you so set on dying ?.
With a wonderful landing Jurieux has arrived safely.
It 's a romantic black woman.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
That 's the way they teach you in dancing school.
They 've played it every time we 've danced.
Please do n't stop dancing.
But he 's afraid that if the Indians see him coming , they'll- - I have to see Mr. Big Eagle somehow , before it gets dark -.
Never heard of it.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
Our entire family will be very grateful to you.
There 's an established custom in dealing with those matters.
Just to register emotion Jealousy , devotion And really feel the part.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
And it 's that if I ever go looking for my heart 's desire again I wo n't look any further than my own back yard because if it is n't there I never really lost it to begin with.
You just had a bad dream.
This manicurist , she 's perfectly divine , she said to me : " I know something about rich Mrs. Haines ".
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
It is a nightgown , is n't it ? -.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
What turns into a fireplace ? -.
When you 've got it right in your mitts , they leave you with your tongue hanging out.
What is the meaning of this demonstration , Mr Waterbury ?.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
Some scientists think that great droughts and earthquakes turned the whole world into a gigantic dustbowl.
Out West , they shoot at anything that looks Eastern.
Must have been a frog.
Joseph Panello.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Dan Wilson.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
What happens to others is their own lookout.
Picking oranges and peaches ? -.
This ai n't a grocery store.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They know he got hit in the face.
You know , funny thing happened to me the other day.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
What do we need a State Capital building for ?.
it finds the way by the power of the stars it finds you and happily laughs my heart.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
I only hear the queen 's voice , like a dark melody a new poem , Riccio ?.
you 've come , Maria I knew it could n't be finished with us my poor friend do n't look at me I have become ugly you wo n't be able to love me any more it 's smallpox does it hurt ?.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
I had a publicity job offered to me last year.
It 's Bruce 's money and I want it back.
You 'll find your money in the wallet.
How can I ever face Bruce again ? -.
How dare you talk like that to me !.
Surely nothing would have been said to you ... ... iftheownerweren'tquiteprepared to sell it.
And she threatens to turn it over to the prosecution.
It must take enormous concentration ....
It must take enormous concentration ... ... andpatience.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
Now , this is really a handsome estate.
-l had to pay a great deal of money for it.
We can put some of your things in it in case your bag is crowded.
Swordplay is such a violent business (.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
They 're friends of Junius.
Too bad we ca n't supply photos of you.
You have a good mind , a pretty face , a disciplined body doing what you tell it everything it takes to make a lovely woman , except the one essential.
It 's after 4.
Was n't it funny ?.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
But never in my life not if I live to be 100 , will I forget how you tried to stand me on my feet again today -.
- Your attitude is difficult to understand -.
- Oh , it 's all right.
Thorpe , you will at least show the proper respect for my ministers.
Antro.
Sure , Bijou is only a little bitty baby.
Where did you ?.
If he did n't kill you , you 'd do it yourself.
I can buy two dozen of these cigarette boxes at Miklos Brothers.
But , Emma , I do n't understand it.
Sir , for several days your attitude toward me seems to have changed -.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
Hey , Red , this steak 's tough.
What 'll we do , use it for a tire patch ?.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it ! -.
Alas , I can not tell day from night.
If Your Highness would wind it yourself.
I 'm the king of birds !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
When you were sold in the slave market , who bought you Always Jaffar.
This morning 's front page ?.
Charles , even newspapermen have to sleep.
Come on , eat it.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
This is a very unusual type of duel.
- Clementine -.
Give it to me -.
- I 'll give it to Madame -.
Charles -.
I 'll take it.
- Does it have bacon and eggs in it ? -.
It 's only a dud dead -.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
Look , it 's full of powder.
- He 's too happy.
You 'll never get rich ... I know the song.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
Daniel , you should n't go out with girls.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
We had to do it.
This is Blue Army , and you 're our prisoners.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Softly now , for respect for chapel was the first thing my father taught us.
Unions are the work of the Devil.
Our son is a scholar.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
Hello , Sid ?.
He only had a couple hundred when I searched him this afternoon at my office.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
This wo n't do any good.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
I present you with this dangerous weapon , mademoiselle ... with my undying gratitude and admiration.
I 'll just take £ 500.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Stokes , care of the post office at Lyme Regis -.
You 're sealed up , as in a grave.
What Is It ?.
Pull It In.
Hand out the document.
Your time Is up.
There It Is.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Your nose is bleeding.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
Nicky , I ca n't stand it !.
Not and live under this roof with me , you ai n't.
I ai n't never had no money.
Keep the money or throw it away.
I could n't stand it if you got down on me too.
It 's like a box , and you can hear music and voices coming right out of it.
There 's lots of it on the bottom.
It 's a new drug that works wonders in cases such as this -.
Supper ready ? -.
How come I can still see it ?.
That 's the fourth time you 've taken that same load to town and brung it back.
Hundred dollars for the year.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
" Would n't it be smart if I was to haul that wood to Augusta and sell it ? ".
I 'm just figuring on selling it and giving Henry half of that money.
And the horn was n't hurt none.
Yeah , it 's brand - new.
This ai n't no poor farm.
This could n't be a diamond bracelet , could it ?.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
It brought us together.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
Oh , Mr. Curtis.
It 's wonderful.
I think it 's a fine play.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 've been reading the most brilliant play with an enchanting part in it for you -.
It 's a picture of me as I used to be.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Inflato , taken from the word " inflation ".
Let me try it.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play " As Time Goes By ".
Sam -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
Has it got a " wow " finish ?.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
Why , this is darling.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
" Be careful it 's my heart ".
I wrote this just for you , honey.
That 's the girl.
When you 're through with it , send it to the police.
I did n't like it.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
I 'll protect myself , never fear.
Ask no questions.
Besides , it is Stanley 's car.
If it had n't been for me , he 'd still be alive.
Stanley , what is it ?.
Would you explain this to me ?.
It could n't have been.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
I 'm saying too much for wisdom , I fear.
It 's not hot , it 's cold.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Women love security.
One of them in particular hurt me.
The bracelet you gave me for our 5th anniversary , I lost it.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
Who did you tell about the trap apart from Yves ? -.
It was you.
When I was 17 , I came in once after midnight.
Yes , Walt Whitman 's.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
Serves me right for getting a car because I liked the driver 's face -.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
$ 99,000 is a lot of money.
I mean , sex did n't even enter into it.
This is very illuminating.
How does he want it ?.
It would be nice if something came of it.
It would be wonderful for him.
I did n't realize it was so humorous.
I did n't realize it was so humorous.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
You know about Gerry 's decision ?.
I wanted to prove that you could look Pittsburgh in the eye and laugh at him.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
You need care , and you need doctors that understand your case.
Now you have nothing to worry about , nothing.
- I ?.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
" ' Mr. Charles Rainier " '.
It would be fantastic.
It would be fantastic -.
It may sound outrageous to you , but it 's not a sudden impulse.
I guess we can find a cranny somewhere for you.
He 's singing to you , Lumpy.
I knew her.
Yes , and Romulus does n't like fish much , either.
He was with us at the fire.
Put it in the shed.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
I want to take a last look at it.
So I said , the first vacation I get , I 'm going to see the Statue of Liberty.
This is Miss Eberli.
Dr. Tobel has disappeared.
You realize , of course , when I was brought into the room blindfolded - I heard the mechanism of this door -.
Nobody is gon na call me a Nazi and get away with it.
He said tomorrow.
Percentage is with the house.
My uncle must have signed it.
It 's the coffee boiling -.
It 's a Polish dish.
With an egg in it.
With an egg in it.
Will you stop walking around and lie down for a while ?.
Why should Dilg go to jail ?.
Still looks like Africa to me.
If anything happened to you ....
If anything happened to you ... You think I can do it ?.
Then I - Then it - it - it closed in on me like- like a blast from a furnace.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
I 'm sure by tomorrow the police will find out what it was.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
It was sealed in this tube and vacuum.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
For a moment I thought you were the monster.
It was a form of mania that caused its victim to imagine- consciously or subconsciously - that he was a werewolf.
Well , let us say , rather , that their ancestors ... handed it down from father to son throughout the ages.
See , Tess is my wife.
- I have n't seen the doctor -.
- You 've got to see the doctor.
If you wish your new estate to be touched with lasting beauty cherish those gracious visions of your first love.
Got paid off a lot of cash.
Bring your guns to starboard and hold fire.
- No -.
You ca n't proclaim Sisters for petting animals -.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
My dear child ... I loved the world I left.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He lost his job.
Now , we 'll dirty it up a little.
So the bridge is nothing.
If a Gypsy catches rabbits , he says it 's foxes -.
If you see one soldier , raise your rifle like this.
Can you make it to Navacerrada ? -.
I slept with your things ! -.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Die if you must , for a cause that 's just .. but shout to the end : ' No Surrender '.
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Do you think Martha will like it ? -.
Insulin produces a state of coma.
You do n't believe in it ?.
- You do n't believe in it ?.
He 's even used a copy of the Daily Planet.
That money belongs to Miss Cowan.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
Quick !.
Show them the way to Bir Acroma.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
It takes its own time.
No , it is n't necessary.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
You hit it right on the nose.
Because it is a 100 - to-1 shot.
I wish you were n't so cocky about it.
Water ?.
Swim in it !.
You know , it 's the funniest thing.
You fold it over here at the side.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
But you had to speak them when you 're brother Geoffrey took over.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
" Who first shall find it were better dead Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
We must search her mind.
I 'll kiss the book on it.
Well she could have hidden it anywhere here.
It 's a burial crypt.
It 's a burial crypt.
Is it Brunton ?.
We told you , you were taking an awful risk.
Obviously Watson , one of 'em died before passing on the meaning of the ritual to his heir.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
That will be five hundred dollars.
Spanish is n't it ?.
Think of all we 've given to each other.
Think of all we 've given to each other.
While I hum for him a song about us two.
While I hum for him a song about us two.
I wished it when you were with me.
I wished it when you were with me.
Well , sir , there 's nothing ratty about it.
A registered package for Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
You like it ?.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
Does he know that you 're onto him ?.
I picked it up quite by accident.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
You got something to tell me ... You 're wasting your time -.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
This is Mortimer Brewster.
He does n't live with us.
A state secret ?.
I 've tried it before--.
Maybe we 'd better go to your house , huh ?.
I 'll climb up and I 'll see -.
That 's a wonderful machine.
I do n't want you to do anything with it , except to guard it with your lives.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
He must have given me the wrong key -.
That 's deep enough.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
The last to arrive on the glorious battlefield of Shiloh and the first to leave it ! -.
You look beautiful.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
Indian !.
No !.
It 's a germ.
This is where you live , beautiful.
Accident and double indemnity.
Accident and double indemnity.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
Until he can take the train.
We were at Lake Arrowhead.
Just a little something.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
I want a feeling of the early morning -.
There is an attic under the roof.
I 'm afraid the pin is not very strong -.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
The little picture has been taken down.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
Do n't look at me like that.
- Can I send for a doctor ? -.
- The gas just went down -.
I did n't see anyone at all.
I saw him.
Look , in the drawer of that cupboard there is a knife.
Cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
Be quick , Paula.
I do n't know where I put them.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
- Paula ... - I must look for it , must n't I ?.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
- Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
You just wait till I tell Father Fitzgibbon.
It 's a loan.
It 's a loan.
So you 're still in trouble.
Would n't even look at it.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
It has n't got that ... Well , it 's just not for me.
I need a new golf ball.
" The battle raged three days ".
I forgot to erase it ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
You love him , do n't you ?.
" On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
How do you do , Lieutenant ?.
Do you think it 'll make people want to bathe more often ?.
I believe you presented him with a cigarette case on his last birthday.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Shelby was scared , so he ran out as fast as he could.
It 's a beautiful coat -.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
During this time , " Porin " , the second Croatian opera , was written.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Get the meat -.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Good boy , you got it.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
Now look what you 've done.
I 'm a very sensitive man.
I stuffed it with paper to stop it from rattling.
Pocketbook.
Are all the objects of art in this room connected with your protective system ?.
Lestrade 's an idiot.
I know , reconstruct the ...
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
And there 's too much china , Watson and too little plaster , which leads me to suspect that the greater conceals the less and if the china was smashed to cover up the plaster.
This is where I nabbed him.
You are n't even worth half the wages you earn.
He 's addressing a meeting of the Royal Canadian Occult Society at a Quebec hotel.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
Tanner sleeps here when he 's in La Morte Rouge.
I 'm sure Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in a village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Bravo Watson !.
I do n't like him -.
The tickets in his wallet show he was to leave Martinique at daylight.
That 's about as far as it goes.
It 'd be all right ... - I got a refund on that ticket.
If he comes to while I 'm probing ... pour some of it on a hunk of cotton and give him a whiff of it.
- Goodbye -.
Supposing it was your brother or someone you loved ?.
- They 're my clothes !.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
But I never said it.
This is n't all fun and games ! -.
- Did you hear a shot ? -.
I do n't know about such things , but I imagine it was fired from a.45 or something in that general field -.
Give me the police department , please.
It 's gone.
Peter Berton painted it.
Draque offered 500.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
Cocoa ?.
Are you telling me that there pretty lady is a skunk ?.
- Now , look , I 'm sick and tired ... - I 'm gon na smoke a cigarette.
- Made up your mind ? -.
That 's the way the law says it.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
It 's a cold from beyond the grave.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
Doctor , I 'd hoped you 'd be able to explain to me a happening which , to put it mildly , has always puzzled me.
I remember the date , because it was Peter 's birthday '.
Just a little birthday present.
Well , it was n't my room I was seeing , it was some other room -.
The only thing to do is to try not to look in it at all.
Do you remember that Chippendale mirror I bought here 3 months ago ?.
Ever since Mr Craig arrived , you 've been asking me to produce scientific explanations like rabbits out of a hat.
Same old story ? -.
No , really , a small room is fine.
I bumped into a man carrying some baskets a little while ago.
No.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It would n't matter how late , George -.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It 's I , George.
I 've just finished it.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
it 's awfully late , George.
I 'm watching out for a load of gas pipe.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It acted like a thuggee cord.
It 's a method of very swift and silent murder -.
I open next week.
Try it once.
It belongs to the concerto.
It belongs to the concerto.
That 's my song.
When two ... When two lips Breathe aflame This is our moment For gay love.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
That 's not true.
It 's obvious my dear Watson , since Mr. Davis was not at dinner , Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
I 'm afraid , Mr. Holmes , if you do n't go with the sergeant there 's no way to get back to the village tonight.
You know this rather reminds me of a very similar account when I brought about the undoing of the notorious Professor Moriarty.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
No fingerprints were listed under the name of Francisco Ruiez.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
-We found the typewriter and checks.
Every person who entered or left the store was being photographed by FBI agents from an office directly across the street.
-He'll send it.
On second thought , it wo n't be flattery.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
They 're sort of scary , but they 're so big and clumsy , they hate to take wing.
Ellen , you should n't have walked up those stairs.
If you were having the baby , you 'd love it.
This is Ruth Berent.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
Is it dawn or is it dusk ?.
The checks must 've gotten mixed up -.
Where did you put it ?.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
After all , you 're just a freshman.
I was the only one that really understood you.
- Stop lying to me.
- About a messed - up life.
Like Ferdinand the Bull.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
Pick out something you like , and I 'll play it for you.
Little unusual for popular music , is n't it ?.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
I thought you 'd finished your portrait.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
You would n't know love if it hit you in the face !.
Did n't you ... did n't you like the radio ?.
Well , do n't break the bank !.
Do n't forget the money !.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ... - Or even steal it -.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Why , I 've got to be able to say that I did n't touch it.
Here 's 140 dollars that was taken out of her pocketbook.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
But it does n't happen like that , in a day.
It was like lightning striking.
The more cockeyed , the better for the scientific side of it.
Do you remember Angel Valley ?.
You 've got a temperature a little over 103.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
Well , you try all of them.
You see this book ?.
You overdid it again , as you say , did n't you ?.
Do n't be a dope.
Patrick Jamieson , ma'am -.
It is stupid of me.
Well , I hope that means that you 've decided to stop living in the past.
Jamie Jamieson.
Feels fine.
Feels fine.
Let 's try the oxygen valve.
Kitty , I would n't dream of it , it looks such fun.
Never use drugs.
That window in the empty house across the street , first floor front.
It 's open.
Strange , is n't it , how the light is reflected.
I 'm sorry , but Mr. Holmes ' injuries must all be self - inflicted.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I wanted to return it to the dentist.
Monsieur Duclois.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
Impossible.
I 'm going to be married.
Yes , I was surprised to hear you did it.
It 's something I never hoped for or dreamed of.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
And , well , Hollenius wants to put him back into the darkness.
Oh , I was a jealous fool.
He should n't have done it.
Frankie Olins had it.
He took it from a shiny red bank truck two days before Christmas.
I remember that street -.
How many times do I have to tell you ?.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Lloyd , where are you , you fool ?.
Come and dig for it !.
There it is , in the ground.
They all killed for it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
It 's all mine now !.
It 's mine !.
The price has nothing to do with it.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
- There you are -.
And this gang has the first and third parts of it -.
Women and gambling do n't mix ".
I would like permission to dance with your lady -.
Close it.
Tom , this is the Hotel Centenario -.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
I should have called him yesterday.
A little present from old man Gower.
There 's the kitty , Ernie.
This is a pickle , George.
If you close your doors before 6:00 p.m. , you will never reopen.
I ca n't think anymore.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Said he died.
We call that wind the Santa Ana.
I got them washed for free [.
- I was only joking -.
Well , I 'm ... I 'm going to sell it.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
It 's hardly smashed up at all.
That confession Mrs. Smith signed , what did you do with it ?.
We ... We took a life , did n't we , Frank ?.
I have a little.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
- Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
I 'm lunching with a duke on Sunday and I 've told my doctor he must put me to rights by then at all costs.
You know you love me.
- Café.
You 're going to be pretty sleepy this afternoon.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
And then before he could come over after it ... he got knocked off by one of the fellow members of the lodge.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
- He 's homicide -.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
I 'm Larry Cravat.
- But the money 's inside -.
- Do as you 're told ! -.
is it the same as killing a man ?.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
Mr Potter asked me to deliver this -.
Was the key ever out of your possession ?.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It 's broke , the record , in the middle.
A man is waiting on the corner with a check only a block away.
It 's a 500 ?.
It 's a great machine.
The Ace of Clubs.
The Ace of Clubs.
A wallet ?.
It 's been done before , and it 'll be done again.
It 's beautiful.
The Krauts turned all their guns to stop us.
The plan 's a flop.
- That 's not Malaga -.
This 'll fetch you a new dress.
I had n't seen you -.
The Indians have no steel.
It has to be timed to the very split of a second.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
The cops may be on their way right now ! -.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
Sam said you could afford $ 200.
Used it in the last war.
I know it 's awfully early ... but you said you wanted to get away before it got light.
But it 's good.
I did n't see any car !.
You told yourself you were rid of me and nobody else could have me.
I was up for the Navy cross.
Not at all.
May he rot and swell and split himself inside out.
How did you find out about me and the escape and the rest of it ?.
Tonight would you be entertaining the chief of police ... these Nazi party officials and elite guard officers ... if you were n't forced to ? -.
But I wo n't say goodbye to myself , just because I love someone who demands it as a matter of course.
Do n't scratch it out.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Everyone knows it 's been signed over to me.
A problem with the engine ? -.
Illingenworth !.
May I write it down ?.
I interviewed him for my paper , The Real France.
Burglars might break in.
Yes , I have a job.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
It 's for the woman next door.
I 've heard it runs into a million or more acres.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
Selina was my first friend out here.
I love selina , and right now , she hates me.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
Mr. Charles , I think you have this all wrong -.
A very old oldie.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's just a razorblade.
If it was any bigger , it 'd bite you.
At the Charity Ball ?.
At the Charity Ball ?.
My body needs lifting.
I 'm sorry , I do n't feel it yet.
- I have half of Poughkeepsie on my face.
Eve 's Fifth Avenue , I think -.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
And Mrs. Talbin is wearing it.
I 'm very interested in murders.
I 'm very interested in murders.
You did it with your hands , did n't you ?.
He was a Franco spy.
-I'm independent.
He talked about suicide.
Running away does n't work.
He is n't dead yet , Grisby 's alive.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
In a few seconds it 'll be too late ... Alright , kill me !.
If we disapproved of it , it might create a scandal.
But when happiness and misfortune are just as terrible , that 's magnificent -.
Katya , you have a Russian soul !.
Why is it that way with us ?.
It was my fault , Joan.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She 's run away.
Powdered egg omelette , probably , and a little Spam -.
That used to be the largest department store in Berlin.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
I was washing my hands when he asked me to give it to you.
Sergeant , you a judge of whiskey ?.
But as a noncommissioned officer , you are aware of the barrier between your class and mine -.
Thou know'st ' tis common.
Yet once methought it lifted up its head as it would speak.
I would I had been there -.
A whoreson mad fellow 's it was.
I ca n't clean it good because it 's still dark.
I ca n't clean it good because it 's still dark.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
You 'll be late for breakfast -.
That is , for an old house.
It 's like a painting.
It 's like a painting.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
I think you 'd better get in touch with Mr. Apollonio.
A simple bathroom , 8 by 10 by 8 with grade - A fixtures will cost around $ 1300.
Three weeks now at $ 4.50 a foot -.
Gussie , I spend eight hours every day trying to cram this stuff down the throats of millions.
Now , the kitchen 's to be white -.
It 's the only spool I have and I had an awful time finding it.
Mr. Blandings , there 's a matter of $ 12.36.
Take it on , Gumbo.
Oh , it 's like a graveyard out there.
He 's diabolically clever.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
You want some of it ?.
It 's me , Matt.
It was nothing I ever heard before.
You better put those away in my chequebook drawer behind the box.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
It wo n't work.
Brandon , we 've got to hide it -.
Answer it.
Mattie got us a house in Gusherton all right.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I guess Alvin wo n't get his sweater for Christmas.
You see , I have a similar appointment in an hour.
That 's a very beautiful ring.
First , there is a certain estate in the vicinity of Lille , a barony.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
Take it your way.
It all depends on whether or not the guy who finds it is the right guy.
Only gold shines and glitters like that.
It 's just like plain sand.
About $ 5,000 worth , I reckon.
I 'm gon na kick you in the teeth.
Gold !.
married up.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
And that kid out there he had a perfect ear for it.
It 's so hot today.
If I had n't come back , I doubt you would have lasted the year out.
- Do you still want to make that bet ? -.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
However , it seems to me that this hill , Ed Duda , is a key position.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
You once said you had a plan.
The post box is still there -.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
There is no other like it in all of Europe.
It does bring out the colour in your beautiful , big , brown eyes.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Now it 's achieved true thought.
Ariane !.
There 's a mine shaft at the end of these cables.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Why do you carry your rifle ?.
It will last a lifetime.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
But Anne 's way of living is better than ours , and I have to face it.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
Where did I put it ?.
For example , in combat , some of the more remarkable heroics take place in this state of mind.
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
Then I have to remove the detonator.
The Tingler.
So that if it can die , it will.
Must 've gone out when I went through that fence.
Not the carnal love , but the divine love.
I 'll not fight like a gladiator !.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
It lacks luster.
It covers everything.
It 's stronger than I am.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
WELL , IT 'S J UST LIKE M IN E..
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
I was homesick.
This road is the afterwards of the civil war.
I was given a pearl necklace.
This is obviously no place for a sword duel.
We have this major who makes us stand reveille every morning , rain or shine , which gives you an idea ... If we kept it on the move , it 'd sound like a lot of jeeps.
Venice was so good to award me an honorary research project : Reconstruction of political murders from the 14th century.
She was so alive.
God chose a simple girl as intermediary.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Which was at Actium , in Greece.
Throw it away.
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
It wo n't open.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
An invisible nerve gas which disperses 1 5 minutes after inducing complete unconsciousness for 24 hours.
The mask wo n't come off !.
A machine was a thing ofjoy then , built to last a man 's lifetime.
We have to start from scratch.
I have to send you off to your flea- bitten war.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
Lf , of course , there are facts not included in your confidential report which point to Fennan 's suicide for reasons other than his interview with you , I shall be happy to hear about them.
My crew is sworn to secrecy.
You think it 's more of a young person 's art.
The Spider was here.
What matters is the flower.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
It 's turned into a ball of energy , bouncing from place to place.
I said it was very powerful.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
It 's powerful , it 's sophisticated , but it 's not infallible.
An economic upheaval had occurred.
He never had a chance to fire.
I could go to my old teacher Makino ... he 's the only honest man i know.
You can always fall back on the firing squad.
The hypo that I gave him should last for about one hour.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
It has a point like a pencil.
It occurred to me that nowhere in the rules does it state a tournament player may not take advantage of any aid he can.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Six months ago , it was stolen from the Athens state museum by George Corley.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
Where did you find this parachute ?.
It 'll mimic all the symptoms of Beck 's bacteria.
And when I bought it not half an hour ago you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squawk.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
The safe is for official business only.
I opened it because I thought it might throw some light on all this.
They have to keep it isolated.
It ca n't live with any other animals.
Your insurance is no good.
Your insurance is no good.
That black cat loved the taste of blood.
Hold it.
It 's one of the red queen 's hats.
If we kill them all now he 'll have a bad time once then get over it Alright then So let 's start with this one God , it 's dumb It 's dead.
That parrot is definitely deceased , and when I bought it a half hour ago ... you assured me that its total lack of movement ... was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squall.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
You see , Harold , I feel that much of the world 's sorrow comes from people who are this ... yet , allow themselves to be treated as that.
I say if this book ends up in the hands of someone ruthless it could become the source for countless blackmails !.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
You hate it , but I love it.
Stop , you 're on the serial number.
And here , finally , is Hadriah 's Arch.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it loves smoke so much that it has to have it all.
- It 's a wound in my leg.
The camera is up high.
We have developed a cheese sandwich that can withstand An impact of up to 4,000 pounds per square inch ?.
Your brother left some things in the bunkhouse.
Does the sun die ?.
I 'd feel naked without it.
Must be in the fuel line.
It was laying on the ground.
The fact is , the original driving license is not here.
Stay back from the train till it stops.
The ceremony that goes so far back no one knows when it began.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
To get rid of it.
It is all that is left of a mighty continent now sunk beneath the waves.
Lucita and I have broken all the rules.
You know , it 's a hell of a nuisance , all this damn paperwork.
A better breed could prosper here , given time.
12,000 feet.
KELLER : Jewellery store.
That dog 's not exactly a police dog , he 's more of an Airedale.
I have my own advertising slogan : Try me.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
The force globe is flexible in only one direction per unit of time.
The church is empty.
I 'm so sorry , I 'm afraid the dining room door seems to have disappeared.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
They kick you out after 22 years , they ought to have a brass band.
A man has but one body , Like a single cell.
Your skin , it is so beautiful.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
Does this trip matter to you ?.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
But this is a time when you must choose the lesser evil.
Yes , you like it.
I 'm sorry about that , Miss Henderson , but ... Listen , we 'll be back next week with another vital question for our panel : " Do attack dogs make good house pets ? ".
It 's a ponderosa.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
He talks about murdered whales and piles of schrimps.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
This Fist set is designed for girls.
We organised a surprise for Etienne.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
When did you move to Germany ?.
I have a tiny apartment.
I have a tiny apartment -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
Did the demon seem to expect Father Merrin ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
I detected a certain oneness in the last consignment.
Why do you wear that cowboy hat ?.
The Red Python ?.
I do n't know if he 's a publisher , but he 's definitely rich ... - Well , those lucky publishers ! -.
They tell of survivors who escaped in ships.
A sister world , far out in the universe ... remembered to us only through ancient writings.
That means you or Eddie Mars dragged Geiger 's body out of here and hid it.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
The mobile unit has arrived.
He does n't have to.
That plastic fruit.
I 'll go tell my dad No one 's told me about it.
Dandelion , Blackberry.
Chuckles ) DON'T BE AFRAID.
Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle.
This map had been a legal orthodox buy from an antiquarian 's bookshop.
Get her up !.
Ash , can you hear me ? (.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Hello , children.
What is it like ?.
It 's bright and yellow.
He think he 's a pilot , still fighting the war.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
[ LAUGHS ] This reminds me of the quilting bees we used to have in the old days.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
I read the file -.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
It 's a computer , Marty.
Mr. Hunter , this is only ... I 've got 2.6 million dollars worth of gems arriving ' tomorrow.
They found Rambo 's body.
Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
Your Highness , I read there was a dispute over the ownership of the Pink Panther.
The shell hit the roof !.
I do n't have to fight with you.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
We have actually shown that there is a clock.
lt does just fine by itself.
Is this The Flying Saucer ?.
1 00 kiloton yield.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
We 're all proud of Gus Grissom.
Sometimes I think we 're all gon na get electrocuted.
This corn is raw !.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
This scheme is so reckless.
My client is very impatient.
And Louis himself McCarthy is drivin '.
What , you think Walter was murdered here ?.
Take a look at the top of your bat , DiMaggio , and do n't make it look obvious.
The film was virtually complete the day of the explosion.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
The Direktor has actually torn up a huge section of my music.
Tell him.
The white Lamborghini is vanished , but there 's a red one behind me honking its horn.
Arrakis , Dune , Desert Planet.
What modifications were made to the robot ?.
It looks full.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
MGM , 1964.
This nose of mine has a sense of its own ... when it comes to knowing who 's a crook and who is n't.
I made a mess of everything but it was n't my fault.
Lee.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
Lots of other common features have n't got names like this small piece of gristle that separates the nostrils.
The testicles were boiled in soy sauce and the vagina has just a blood sauce.
And then destroyed the evidence , because he was gon na turn it over to the I.R.S. Ca n't you people make up your minds ?.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Well , the last wall we built , could n't fortify it so we had to be real careful about hiding it.
Set the V - gain to filter RF ambient.
This service tunnel must be how they move back and forth.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
The teleporter insists on purity.
No , we need a field near a natural water source.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
I 'm Michelle Wilson.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
I got your wallet.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
But I had no idea it had mysterious powers.
Do n't you love this music ? -.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
It 's dead -.
Well , then it died in its sleep.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
His stuff has to be all folded very carefully and neatly put away in his drawers , all color - coded like his stupid socks.
You stole our dog !.
What 's your pleasure , Mr. Cotton ?.
Only maintenance you 'll ever have is to wash it down twice a year with a hose.
Only your mother knows my story.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
It 's not that dangerous when it bites , but it will poke.
I did it with mirrors.
He was with a nun.
It frees us from burden , takes care of our needs.
Not on your ring finger.
What do you hope to learn ?.
This bottle of digitalis , was it empty ?.
Something to do with roses ?.
Roses , greenfly , spray , syringe !.
I recommend the meat loaf.
We had a little accident.
A sculpture takes time.
The human body is a world that moves , that pulsates.
It was a puzzle box.
My head is just fine.
Must repair wiring to memory.
Franjean !.
It 's very dangerous.
She 's invisible !.
That new technique I used for sealing him up is terrific.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
Take that apple out of your mouth.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
The fiance , Charles Loverton - West.
Who is Major Eustace ? -.
But tell me ... The window where you found the body ; it was in the back of the library , overlooking the garden , yes ?.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
It has limited capabilities -.
I 've inhibited almost all activity in the neocortex.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
Do not drink the tea.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
I 'll take it.
I understand that you are in charge of the remains from the night of the massacre ?.
Can he present to proof " D " ?.
She had a case on her computer we ca n't account for.
Down by the river.
Do n't hug it.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
Monsieur Fingler , this jacket is too tight -.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
This is unacceptable.
This is the very first Basotile ever created.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
My brother gave it to me before he went to jail.
I gave her my old television.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
So have you heard from Linda ?.
True Happiness comes from the heart.
Here.
The maintenance men said they 'd be workin ' on it for weeks.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
Well , I am very touched by your offer and by your friend 's insanity but to my family , this desk is a symbol of America.
Notice the perfection of the line , and rhythm of movement : " of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
If your people have known for generations their sun is dying , why not simply evacuate the planet ?.
Take it without anyone seeing you.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
well , some acid in the ' 60s -.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Sometimes she cooks a pot roast.
What 's really important is that none of this ever happened.
It is so simple.
Two heads ... This trout is bicephalic , a word coming from the Greek - and meaning ... precisely this.
I 'm sure you 'll all enjoy it.
Does a newspaper fit snugly in your hands ?.
Work , kids , Habib shirts.
This equipment was designed for a different era.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
The probe is moving with us , holding relative position.
The society is genetically integrated.
I hope Cmdr La Forge and Capt Picard agree.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
It is empty.
It 's a long shot , but it 's ... Well , it 's legal.
- Ignore your psychic abilities.
I saw her on a bus.
The door was unlocked.
You do n't want to startle it.
You need n't be alarmed.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
-Don't miss the gators.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The first is the staff a symbol of strength , yet flexibility.
The dragon has a wing.
See , Lear understood the world was decaying around him.
The car was coming straight at him.
It 's already passed your doorstep.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
It 's about the computer -.
It contains much more than just emotions.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Do you have the chair , Commander ?.
The victim is a Thomas Werner , single , white ... It 's Tooms.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
BLACK BEAUTY : The bridge was flooded.
I want to get rid of him.
Dan !.
Where does she live ?.
He 'll really like the bird , I think.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
The plastic bag protects you from well - meaning rescuers.
My father left me a hunting book.
There was no baby.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
You will take care of him ?.
I spent the better part of sixth grade crafting it.
What is your real fantasy ?.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
See , Superman saved me from this building the sound guy blew up and even though I 'm not a reporter I thought I 'd write down a few paragraphs , show the chief but I can finish it someplace else.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
There 's not gon na be a commercial -.
beeping ] A signal buoy ... popped to the surface 10 minutes ago.
UEO central computer recognized our inquiry.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
I used that in the Aegean campaign.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
It 's a two - man game.
The object could have been dangerous.
The man there says he has Molor 's head in a box.
I took care of your grandmother 's house.
I had to put the ink in the coffee pot to thaw it.
It 's in the bone !.
Why Rosanna ? -.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
It seems Godzilla 's temperature is rising.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
Mademoiselle Sally , you are on the terms amicable with the other students ?.
-What ?.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
It 's airborne.
21 st century history is not one of my strong points.
The probe 's telemetry has changed.
There may be a entity within the wormhole , curious about an intruder.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
You asked for them during your worst fevers.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
Three days ago you pulled a job at the Army Research Facility.
I think I nailed it.
I never keep it loaded.
Not bury the technology , but let it out.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
It was so thick no one could wear it.
Mary , you 'll find an eel in the fish pantry.
No one knows who fed you this information.
I do n't like cats , but when my dog died , he gave me a cat.
It 's the famous Krupp 88.
It 's smooth and pretty , just like a movie star.
I 'm looking for a weapon that can be smuggled in , concealed easily and used to strike at our enemies , learn their secrets , perhaps even ... - ... destroy them from the inside -.
" The problems of others are not our concern ".
I 've given them the island of Celini.
The electro - whip is set to give an increasing level of pain each time it is used.
The year is 2260.
Kudos on that hat joke.
You lock it up.
Can you tell me the significance of that line ?.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
He 's radioactive -.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
Here 's the location of the real bomb.
The bomb almost exploded.
The missile was not significantly damaged.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
If you stopped thinking , so much about poetry ... you 'd make your father happier and you 'd make more money than him.
What a nice hat.
It 's a work of art.
What a big bell !.
Take my own mezuza in that tree of yours up there.
Oh , yeah.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
- Ashitaka -.
When I was a child , I would come to this park and play.
You must learn to control it.
The missile 's fully programmed.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
Yes , I dusted it off myself.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
This " gift " makes you see horrible images.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
One child is dead.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
Tell them I need to meet with them immediately.
There is a wondrous invention inside this building.
I wo n't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
The Goa'uld has won.
But only at the risk of destroying yourself ( whirring ).
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
I 'm telling you , this was a valued rug.
And the truck started to skid.
It ran right into Judith , and ... And she just disappeared.
- Where is that girl ? -.
Do you further admit that this unnatural depiction ... occurred in full public view where it was accessible to ... and in plain sight of minor children ?.
It ca n't stop criminals in their tracks can it ?.
Copy it and send it for me.
By my reckoning ... Mars was visited by an alien species ... approximately one billion years ago.
You 're so confident.
He has heard your music and it is good.
That night was Todd Sparrow his soul air.
- The man was a cheat -.
The aperture of the phenomenon-- which I prefer to call an intermittent cyclical vortex-- is unfixed.
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Now , this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare , I assume.
We still do n't know who he is or how to stop him or ... - Doc -.
The willow is deceptively strong.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
But the case I 'm about to describe is so horrific , it should never be discussed outside this room.
For one thing , it 's a confined area with only two ways in or out : this one , and that one over there.
Bajor will be reborn.
So far , the crew has n't found any evidence to support my doubts about Arturis.
If nobody shows up to protest , I 'd like to stay here for a while-- try to find the answers to some of these questions.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
Well , if you think about it , the human body is just a machine.
You want my address ?.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
What is the Matrix ?.
It was a dream.
Abandoned in Queens.
We got a gun that was used in a homicide.
This movie has naughty language !.
May I leave this letter with you ?.
But there 's a place here called " Hemmeligheder " -.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
Call me crazy but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project an image of success at all times.
-Arvid ... Remember when we had a cat ?.
Look at my nose.
I fucked up on Mary with the depth of field.
Casey is doing well.
The car gave up the ghost.
Hear the Word of the Lord , Lord of the worlds whose anger was soothed by your prayers : The village of Polana will not be crushed by an iron rod , nor scattered like the desert sand.
How can a purse drop off from a closed handbag ?.
Nightmares are caused by irrational fear.
Gachnar 's trying to manifest itself to come into being -.
We 're in control here.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
They were playing the Timewarp , I hate the Timewarp ! -.
The Link is part of what we are.
He claims you called for him -.
Being unfettered by ethical subroutines has made me far more efficient.
This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
- Good thinking -.
- It 's an implant.
The last one tasted like bat 's piss.
This transponder chip is completely untraceable.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
To make a new life.
I have been told of a certain sea snake ... which has a very unusual method of attracting its prey.
I 'll sing , so you 'll know where I am.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
Last week the toilet on the fourth floor would n't flush.
Gee , you broke it.
Tyrone , this is a stolen car , mate.
I hope you can appreciate the concern I have for my friend Franky.
This tree 's got duende.
I had it changed in America.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
The pain is very deep.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Anyway , you must taste this wine.
It was neither shot by you nor recovered later.
Seems wrong that I should die while the sun is still so bright.
- Yet they live -.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I think the spell is working.
At its present altitude , it 's been operating for over 200 years.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
The enemy has many spies in his service : Birds , beasts.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
They cost so much money !.
It will drown !.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
World 's smallest camera.
In return , it provides power , longevity , protection.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
Naturalist and taxidermist to the king and royal gardens ... Sir de Fronsac had quite a reputation in Paris ... for being a libertine and a sharp wit.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
JACK : Yeah , looks like it.
Sure hope nothing stops you from becoming a viable entity because I hate when that happens.
Yesterday , imagery Analysis delivered a file requested by Muir 's secretary to your office.
It 's been lovely weather again today , has n't it ... out of the sun , of course.
This tunnel goes down.
It jumped !.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
That 's our task in the Rekill Research Laboratory , the former college of art for women.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
We 're losing main power.
When she came in " , I totally forgot about the camera.
The op - ed page is sad.
I think it works.
The key still wo n't go into you.
Look , if you have a medical question , I 'm forced by hospital policy to answer you.
Maria has ten dicks -.
The ring looks beautiful on you.
As we venture out of our solar system , we hope to earn the trust and friendship of other worlds.
Your cortical node began to shut down.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
She spent two years working on the gate prior to her five years of service at the SGC.
The iris is holding , but it 's starting to heat up.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
Nothing on or off world resembles the architecture.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
That line is obsolete.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
WE CANNOT TRUST THE WEST.
The tires felt a little splashy on the way over here.
THAT IS THE GENIUS OF THE N2 K , MR.
You remember Dad 's friend ?.
So whatever happened to your nursery ?.
You 're a faggot.
In good conscience , I should say the custody hearing is probably a trick.
Jack , it 's Lloyd Bowman.
By calling me here , you people have committed a grave mistake.
That particular item is not for sale.
I want to restart my career.
I 'll stop you on the road to the land of the dead.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But ... I 'm a fallen woman.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
A fire in that fireplace.
The sex was polite.
I had this enormous crush on Madelyn Pruitt.
It starts with a kid.
It 's Spike.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
She kills in the most fascinating way -.
I do n't even know where this store is.
The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought after.
They brought the weapons online right when we needed them.
So , we stay away from doggie , we find the Grudeks and we bring them down.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Pilot ... what the yotz is wrong with the lights ?.
I wrote a song about the experience.
This chair is a little controversial.
Clark called , said he needed my help.
- And Jonas , he 's at least as smart as you -.
-Toyota Camry.
She moves any way she wants , as far as she wants.
In my experience , there 's usually not a three - hour lag ... between the call ... and the delivery.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Pour it into them , boys !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
Tell me about your dream.
The thin skin , that 's the Earth 's crust.
A revolution is n't a gala dinner.
If you had to choose.
Mom and Josephine are at the end.
Is it the fan belt ?.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
The Rook is a fully autonomous operative.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
The fish is a beautiful sight on a table.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Is it not building weapons of destruction for the sole purpose of mass killing ?.
Jill can you get the idea.
It was wired in a way that made it impossible to diffuse it.
Jack Bauer is on the line as well.
What do you say to all those conspiracy theorists who come up to you and say : ' Does the moon really exist ? '.
Shipman " could refer to the airfield in the Mojave desert.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
It nearly decapitated me with my own stake.
I fought it once.
I just do n't understand how all this could have happened.
You can use the jet whenever you want.
Sugar 's in the sugar bowl.
We charge our weapons the same way.
Some of those eruptions are getting close to Enterprise -.
They hate you guys.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Uh , like most newbies.
It is the only way to protect our people.
The mission will only be successful if I 'm on it.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
I 'm gon na need you to pop the trunk for me.
Just undiscovered science from an American ... named Thomas Edison -.
I left it at school.
So you had your heart stolen , have n't you ?.
That is best suitable as a cane , is n't it ?.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
Is the objection signed by a member of the Senate ?.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
Because a bottle of wine is actually alive.
When the timer on the back goes off , your mouth will be permanently ripped open.
Me too ... You can see La Jument.
He wo n't get well if you do n't take care of him.
Been in the pool , destroyed any fingerprints that might have been on it.
I 'm selling the apartment.
We have turned the page of government interventionism ... The present debt was the illegitimate offspring of the military dictatorship.
These are her musical scores.
Young brother , have you given up your authority as a husband ?.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
I was never here.
We ca n't get it open.
Still , it 's too vast.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
We were defending our right to exist.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
I funded all the RD personally.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
The chair is intuitive.
We need to load it into the mainframe.
His white cell count is coming down -.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
It 's one of Anna 's sketches.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
That is why perfecting the drug is so important.
It is more than a defence against the Wraith.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
Well , for one , the price of steel has doubled.
When I got out in ' 91 , the first thing I did was go looking for Lauren and Serene.
- And beautiful -.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
If you do n't the soldiers will come.
It was constantly being changed for various reasons.
The blood moon comes tonight.
Are you feeling better , Ishtar ?.
You dimed me out -.
I looked at this tree and i wondered if that branch had a purpose.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
It 's strange to hear your voice.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
I ca n't compete with her.
Your skin is different from I remember.
This surveillance is terrible.
Dawa , where is my ball ?.
You 've made an old man piss in his pants.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
Why did it destroy the thunder ?.
It has never ended.
Me ?.
We want to give it the best chance we can.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Tell me where the missile is.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
It 's capable of learning , evolving.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
I personally escorted the Prime Minister from the cabinet room to his car.
The Daleks destroyed my home , my people.
And look at him.
Major Reed and the Doctor have asked for a few minutes ... to show me their latest project.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Simply , Einstein 's ... attempt to ... explain the mind of God.
Which reminds me -- your sneaker factory in Canada -- I have a sneaker factory in Canada ?.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
The allacco cabernet.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
The temple at Dakara is sacred to all Jaffa.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
Look , it 's an A.I. , an artificial intelligence.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
I heard .... I thought I heard .... There was this voice.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
The mountain lion you shot did it have a collar around its neck ?.
- Unfortunately , his alibi checked out -.
The case is closed.
I will help you find Barbara Stritzke.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Where is the keystone ?.
The Grail.
True enough , this compass does not point north.
Send the energy back.
I just want to be sure people understand it in the West.
- Talked to her before she died -.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
It was in your jacket.
Is it clear or is it milky ?.
I heard your trip went really well.
It saved my life.
It speaks of courage and the honour of sacrifice.
Astrid became the mother and sister I 'd lost.
Well , it 's the most unbelievable thing you 've ever seen.
The murder weapon is not what killed him.
I think you should go , Klara.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake till ... Does this bus have a gas can ?.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
all the strange things started to happen after writing the Recycle It 's because of this ?.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
The mass is malignant.
It was the first jump !.
I really do n't want the rainforest to die.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
It 's about the doll and the garage door.
This inspection sticker expired yesterday -.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Your mom said some pretty horrible stuff about him when we were growing up.
By the time he got back to Fort Douglas , the Shtriga disappeared.
The vaccine was in here !.
They 're about to remove Hannah 's liver.
There 's no reason for the Wraith to be interested in that planet.
Last night I saw a shooting star.
So I 'm asking you now : Have you ever had an orgasm ?.
It 's not a substitute.
The work being done in this place is important , Eko.
Yes , if the math checks out -.
We have a zero - point module ... which does what we 're attempting on a smaller scale : Extract energy from subspace - time -.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , the right hand diamond is very popular these days.
She 's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
It makes a lot of noise.
The press is a tool.
Hey , have you looked at that Cat Lady sketch ?.
That article was awful.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
--Now , what about Mitchell Cafferty ?.
Well , Mr. Mayor , let me just tell you what I found your wife doing.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
This is Djaq from the Holy Land , Your Majesty.
He has no idea what 's happening in England.
See this skin , O'Malley ?.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
This song just started coming to me.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
People are rising from the tyranny and oblivion to which we in the West have consigned them.
JOR - EL : Kal - El , the crystal you carry was made by Zor - El.
This conversation is over.
He still owns it , what , 20 years from now ?.
Yesterday in your bedroom , in your real bedroom , it did n't roll.
I need a lift to Cannes.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
Do n't tell me how to practice medicine.
Do n't show me !.
You need to know the story of your great - grandfather 's demise.
I just got a message from your father saying he 'd refused.
Er ... they were taking a letter up to Breidholt for me.
I like the mask because it hides my face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
It 's for M. De Marigny , and was just handed to me.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
Just give me five minutes.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
The state adopted a radical solution to the problem.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Last week , I received a letter from an old friend in London.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
You 're about to implement another new strategy regardless of the human cost or the financial cost because you predict ... We thought deeply about the human cost when we planned this strategy.
Dye 's going into his liver , but it 's not coming out.
We have no way to — You got X - ray vision , House ?.
I DID ,.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
General , we 've made visual contact with a single drone.
It 's hitting the planet.
I own a farm.
You did n't really like the movie , did you ?.
I am so glad you liked it.
The disease of Lutheranism.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
That is why we are wearing English uniforms -.
I had this bike accident when I was a kid , And I banged my head pretty good , And I have n't had a dream since.
I think about the Infield Fly Rule.
I 'm a leg doctor.
But the Monsterpus has loved us from afar since we were amoebas.
The formula must be destroyed.
How is the old school ?.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
" Listen , " Kyle said ".
It does n't feel pity or remorse or fear.
Yeah ... good old Sam , back at the loft.
You ca n't be serious.
You know , I 'm glad you picked this place.
The bra is called the Harlequin.
The laundry is out of the hamper.
He just bought a second house in Catalina.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
So I asked Donkey to turn the pump on for me.
It 's for my little patients , The elves.
That 's the printer there ? -.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
And evidently off - worlders , judging by your sonic technology.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The creature knows this territory well.
There 's no power.
The kidney is like a chandelier.
It 's not like a knife through butter , no , no , no , no.
Yeah , and the Lone Ranger did n't have a thing with Tonto.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Throw it out the window.
This episode 's gon na be great.
Well , he 's lost a lot of blood.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
I 've always really liked this color.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
Look , Garrison , my wife did n't want a penis in the house.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
Straight up trade , no questions asked.
We thought about using a natural - language interface but decided against it.
In the near future , a computer system called Skynet takes over the world.
We climb inside the van.
Listen , this town is just up the road.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
That 's some kind of code for you , isn't it ?.
You took the cylinder.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
She kept asking what a ghost could do.
Politics is the art of the possible.
For what you did at school.
Something I love about the Snowflake Ball.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
5.56 NATO ROUNDS ... MIXED IN WITH SOME 9 MILLS FROM THE SUBMACHINE GUNS.
TEAM SPIRIT.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
There is so much joy in this machine.
It matches a description of General Grievous ' fighter.
His entire estate , Swiss bank accounts , holdings , were nationalized.
Well , we got two dead kids.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
I found it in the downstairs bathroom.
You invaded our airspace.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The orca , or killer whale , is the king of the ocean.
In a hostage situation , any idiot can steal a gun and start shooting.
The cip firewall protects every major infrastructure system in this country.
Not yet , but they believe the CIP device is being utilized.
It 's not silver.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
I see this liquor store across the street.
The dybbuk feeds on fear.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
I thought I had a ring.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
One track was bent.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
I 'm being rehabilitated.
It does n't count as a wound.
Now do n't forget , the clasp is broken.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
You tell me I look great.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
While discussing important objects , I put Anne 's marble on my desk.
Andrew Staines , Ellen Hunt , Michael Sanders , mean anything to you ?.
Do not wear it !.
The other one was Jenny May.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
Unfortunately our secret is no longer safe , the foolish Hobbit revealed his name.
In 2007 it kidnapped Dr. Alistair Fleming and forced him to regrow its organic covering.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
This whole thing is falling apart.
E island is a mysterious place.
He killed Abin Sur ?.
The box.
The movie received lukewarm reactions.
Have you even seen this show ?.
I do n't have a boat.
such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
A tire iron is great if you need a new tire.
You know what the Talmud says ? ".
And besides that ... it 's not good for you.
-Oh , bless him.
Then Tony McHenry was killed when it locked up on the racetrack.
I think my arm is broken.
This is all your fault !.
From what we can ascertain , we think it works a lot like a pacemaker.
Let me try to shut down the program.
What does she look like ?.
A becomes B , B becomes C. Then comes the hard part - and I 've transferred it to this machine.
The liver started to degrade.
It 's called " What 's The Point ? ".
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
But the crust is so good.
What is the Crystal of Neahtid ?.
You , you , you - do n't move , I 'll kick the shit out of you.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I do n't know what to do ... I often have this dream.
Then the cancer vanished.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
He 's the prophet that predicted the annihilation of the earth ".
Shaw , the storage yard is halfway across town.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Kyo is a half - breed.
It can give you great strength and power That 's addictive and destructive.
Let there be honest understanding.
Let there be honesty.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
This tubular pillar is crucial to the Buddha.
- Oh , I think Colleen Peck is a pro -.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
I keep that gun for sentimental rea-- Do n't shoot !.
Are you a good one , a very famous one , or just married to a mafioso ? -.
I boiled it for two minutes.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
They are the bread and butter of all valedictorians.
I looked out the windows when we were in Lincolnshire , I saw this fucking tree.
René Fulcignoni.
My father 's coffin- you found it ?.
I just want you to deliver a message , that 's all.
I mean , each robot would be unique and uncopyable.
Look at the tag.
You would like him.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
He 's humping her ?.
Stars travel abroad but they do n't like it there.
Alice ... Have you seen my gun ?.
This rock ... This rock has been waiting for me my entire life.
What aboutthe rabbit ?.
I fear I slept through most of it.
SATINE : War is intolerable !.
You do n't like the vacuum sweeper ?.
This is a receipt from the airport bar for 7 scotches.
Look , I 've had several complaints , but the company is not going to admit it made a mistake.
-Don ' t fucking piss me offi.
But marriage is n't a prize , is it ?.
GRUNTS ] Look , the legend of Siobhan McDougal is just a ghost story.
You smell like lemongrass -.
Is that MacManus ?.
No , but you once used it to take the Sword and compass from me.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
Where was it ?.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Where would you hide a coin ?.
I saw this advertisement for a limp corrector.
How else could she have ended up here , with a man she despised ?.
The dog is gone.
But I liked wagon wheel.
Plympton know that you 're here.
The city is ... Do not enter the city.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
The Scarlet Letter.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
It can see your thoughts and feelings.
And it 's on this DVD.
Nothing.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
The service road from the south is the likeliest entry point.
Even if we get eyes in ... The front door opens the wrong way.
LOCKWOOD : It 's good for Tyler to have you in the house -.
- No , what about the moonstone ?.
There 's a lump of plastic that used to be a laptop.
If you looked at the costs of it : the structure of equity welth , of housing wealth ... then the structure of income , of jobs , 15 million people globally ... could end up below the poverty line again.
The murderer is still a free man.
There can only be one commander , And Kiva 's dead.
The honey was not sold until the end of the 19th or into the 20th century.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
So you played baseball as a boy.
Lady Rochford and other maids of Her Majesty have come forward with corroborating evidence of their frequent intimacies.
Really , it 's gon na be fine.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
He found a trace of semen inside the victim 's vagina and a finger print which he missed out in his initial autopsy.
Alex , your movie just blew up.
That pie smells really good.
Here , the line across the man 's eyes , it 's the Chinese number one.
G.D. Was the last place hit.
You once asked if I could remember my mother 's name.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
Say hello to the brand - new Italian reading lamp that you 've always wanted.
Royce made his billions in shipping and mining , not arms.
Hooman has a crayon.
I thought it was such a great idea For you to go live with your grandfather.
They think they have a reason , but they 're wrong.
Put all this shit in that skip.
Why was she wearing the suit ?.
It must have slipped onto her at some point.
Could you make out the model or make ?.
Not any more.
It 's one of the highest moral virtues.
Remember that muddy female boot print outside Tilden 's house ?.
This is just a fact - finding mission.
Commit this address to memory.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
A cluster of pervs ?.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I was in a situation , gallivanting through the forest.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
The Kraken is the end of us.
So ... I just wanted to clear the air.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It kind of just blew into your store.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Belgrano is sailing directly away from the islands.
I 'm sick of screwing in the open air.
I love it.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It 's okay , the saw has a safety device.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
- I did n't realise it was German.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
It 's this world that I 'm worried about , Talget , not the next.
I hope that the row with Paul was not something serious.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
Make it come back.
I got a text message from last night.
We give the residue the half - life we want.
Loneliness is n't the answer either.
It 's called Jaws.
The slap was a nice touch ... Oscar - worthy.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
That smell never went away.
I threw it in the lake.
Please bring Miss Lane 's car inside and repair any damage from the flight.
Paul had no choice but to punish his wife ... I love you.
The Grand Canyon.
It 's complicated or you just do n't wanna talk about it ?.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
The mainframe is inaccessible.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
It is the core of all humans.
I 'd like to see the fortress.
Plus he was shot , just wanted to get out , treat his wound.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
How many sons sprang from your father 's cock ?.
His gift of wine was tainted with death.
Elian is an angry child , but he would not do this.
They fit the bill.
It gave The Arcadian a regal elegance.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
We have all sullied it with our greed and lechery.
Steady on.
I 'm not tired.
Blue Energy has two forms.
Shipping container is a default option.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
A rugby team ... is like the Foreign Legion.
- The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
Does it make you feel better to kill bad people ?.
Things would 've been good if we had n't had you.
Things would 've been good if we had n't had you.
The worm !.
State of the art.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
- Or a full - time valet -.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
So that means you 're willing to give me another shot ?.
This ring is pretty amazing.
Previously on " the Vampire Diaries " ... The only thing stronger than your craving for blood is your love for this one girl.
It is , and all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.
It 's a movie ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
The virus is too dangerous to be released into the world !.
Is it lined with credit cards and flat screen TVs ?.
You were the one , who saved me.
There 's too much blood.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
It wants to move in our world.
When a new Pope has been chosen ... and the bells of St. Peter 's chime he is shown into a small chamber next to the Sistine Chapel.
Well , you ca n't tell by looking at hi we wanna see the body.
That said , I do know a 3 - year - old boy that once met a friendly apparition named Leverett Saltonstall -.
But what Greendale has always needed is a miracle.
This place is unbelievable.
You should n't have destroyed it.
I want you to have this.
Daddy , I ca n't live with her anymore.
I have the advantage over my adversaries in that I know what cards they hold whereas they are oblivious to my hand.
France 's High Commissioner to Indochina , spoke confidently to Vietnamese students.
You 're my best friend.
How many times has the crescent moon become the full moon.
How many times has the crescent moon become the full moon.
Is it possible ?.
This baby is fully equipped.
No , no , I 'm a naval man myself.
Our world is not more transparent now.
These men are ruthless and vicious.
This is a tiger , who 's fierce and sleek.
You tried to hang me with your belt !.
That 's a beautiful necklace.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
Oh , son of a bitch !.
It was so big and it was so bright.
It was so big and it was so bright.
Thanks to its all - natural microfibers , the Thneed is super - absorbent !.
Noel.
It would be impolite not to wear it.
But the cat turned on me.
You reinstate me as Head of Nuclear Research , so I can finish building my bomb.
Zoey thinks I 'm at yoga.
Your donation was more than generous.
It 's in a jar.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Do you have my ring ?.
Maybe it was a shin.
It 's a gaming laptop.
Dr. Ling was right.
According to witnesses , I can find Barberis ... Not bad for an office guy , huh ?.
This whole thing was supposed to go off without a hitch.
But the smell of battle will be its own medicine.
And this is seriously the best night I 've had in ages.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
I should have destroyed it , but I was too damn proud of myself.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
Only one other thing uses the same Gaussian wave packets.
Has anyone ever seen the sky like that ?.
Ji Ben , are you bothered that I 'm doing your job ?.
I can not be a man with wishing , therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
Love , it 's like a delicate flame.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
If you did , you would have done it 28 years ago , when I brought you here.
-Wyatt ?.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
I wanted it to run faster , so I smacked its butt.
Because if it 's a 3 - way , I got ta warn you , that 's how I met my ex - husband.
Travis is dead -.
Hmm , it was on a washing machine.
Scanner beeps an alert ] Oh , my God , the anomaly , it opened.
Yes.
Go away !.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
Yes , but Mr. Gardner can answer to his own testimony.
I 've got the lead detective ready to go on record , say the whole damn thing was a cover - up as long as I pay for it.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
My fight was never with you.
Look at it !.
This the original zombie movie.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
This hummus is wonderful.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
The abduction was unexpected.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
In that case that he gave Dave Ryder.
You asked me if the machine was capable of learning human nature.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
So my penis is fine , right ?.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
What 's supposed to happen ?.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
The state buys trains from Siemens without the appropriate network to use them.
The whole company will be sold ... for a price lower than the cost of one of its units.
The public power company was not built by the private sector.
The barn saved you last time.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
There 's a stream -.
Why did you throw away the mattress for the sofa bed ?.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
My mother is my family.
Dr. Ross , you 'll make sure that the liver gets here ?.
It was caused by some sort of defect in the gun 's barrel.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
The elders say , someone has cursed the sea.
I do n't think so.
A thicker sound was a better sound.
I like this song.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
That 's not good.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
It 's not charging.
The planet was Furya.
It 's golden , French , 1800s.
I 'm just a lowly factory worker.
The river is flooding.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
But to answer your question , the Lo - yack is an excellent product.
Do n't touch it.
The ladder my soul must ascend to heaven.
With a snake around her neck.
The cheese will be served when I want it served.
Good bye.
If I brought a senior U.S. Congressman into the fund , that would really up my stock in the company.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
My cock is hard.
My cock can stand all day like a good soldier trying to impress his superiors.
Sonnets should be written about how dangerous my cheetah cock is.
Chuckles ] Crazy Little Thing made close to $ 300 million worldwide.
I love this place.
Who gave you the whole script ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Why did it disappear when Markussen died ?.
The Code noir a decree that dictated the conditions of slavery , did not exist on these grounds.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I had a deal that put your name right next to mine.
Yes , I 'm sure he is a man who plays many roles.
Unroll it like this , and the story flows out in the pictures.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
It 's no accident that Zach Hamilton is here.
Lyric was telling me about this blue ring her grandmother used to have.
Hey , if it is n't Jay Plunkett.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
You did n't know that that was a part of the plan , did you ?.
It 's evidence Petrovic killed her.
Eriksson suggests that the investigation is dead.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
Oh , my God , we are Rihanna and Chris Brown !.
Actually , it 's in the Kingdom of Damarian on the north shore of the Dragon Fields of Zorn.
It cured me , August.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
The wolf starts to circle around me.
The coolness of the Benguela Current brought the penguins here but that very coolness is a great disadvantage , because it generates little rain.
The advancing Sahara vaporised the world 's largest lake , leaving behind the silvery remains of countless microscopic algae.
All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field.
Save the rest for divorce court.
I do n't know where it is -.
Okay , Neruda , this play is extremely complicated.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Meanwhile , the State Police are manning the roadblocks.
National service , it has become worthless.
Busted up your ride , racing around town like you got a Mad Tyte JDM ?.
You were raised far from reality.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
It 's about two hours outside of Denver.
Your mom really does hate change.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Like a black hole.
It moved itself.
You made the machine to protect everybody.
Is our personality genetically pre - programmed ?.
Maybe you need to wake up , start thinking for yourself ?.
Why are you snapping at me all day ? -.
A fish does n't breathe ?.
Yes , but it does n't breathe.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Not every time.
Look into it and gain your deepest desire.
Losing a member of your pack is n't like losing family.
It is a 400 TwinX. A female.
I packed your suitcase.
But no matter what they call it , it wo n't bring back those men , or my family.
He was fingerprinted for his security clearance , but he does n't have a DNA sample on file.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
It was empty.
If enough voices cry out , they become one voice that can not be ignored.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
He slips it on her finger And the choir begins to sing Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
How many pods are there ?.
Just because I printed a fork does not mean my research is a joke.
There 's a junkyard in Tarrytown with an industrial car compactor.
There 's a running price on my head , Agent Ressler.
By using the scroll itself.
uh , there was a fire.
You shed bras.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
It 's about all of us.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
The phones are going crazy.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
His grief is n't new.
We build our own shelter.
I remember when this song was just considered bad.
- You 're just a little rusty.
The storm can not be stopped.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
25 at most.
You said there was nothing between those stations.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
Hey , I have an amazing idea for an act.
It is a fierce and jealous love , Bilbo.
I fear it would make him worse.
We 're not dead ?.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
The Death Wolf is n't a demon.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Yeah , you can run , but if you leave those gates ... I swear to you , your hideous doppelganger ... who looks a lot like the lead singer of the Counting Crows ... will get it !.
When you sold it to Robbie , how 'd you get it back ?.
I know a man , ex - member himself , very useful at sorting out our scrapes over the years.
You broke my arm !.
But it does n't read as the wrong card now.
That tiger has night vision goggles ?.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
So , the needle , you have to secure it.
His cock was like a battering ram.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
I know four people are dead.
I have a bad connection.
The weapons ' rack is stocked with the latest and the greatest.
The Burguesinha is well loose.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's the first Medal of Honor awarded to a Hispanic - American , Corporal Joseph De Castro.
What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost -- or what 's left of it.
Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
But that 's not for sale.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
If you really want to kill your brother , Margot , wait until you can get away with it.
My boy 's wound wo n't heal.
But not everyone is a viable candidate.
He went home with some guy last night.
I was with her for a while.
- My brother Caleb was here -.
I create a boundless world , and I bind it by rules.
I spent so many hours playing with this when I was your age.
There is a bone in the back of your ear.
Shit.
It 's a lucky charm -.
It 's not possible.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The sun throws a certain amount of energy onto this planet.
See ?.
The plan is constantly evolving , Sue.
So much pain this body has seen.
I do n't live in a building.
No , the sex was fine.
I found your Mustang.
The only way Da Silva sails off into retirement is if the boss dies.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
How are you supposed to see cross traffic when the sidewalk 's a damn jungle ?.
I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
You 're a coward.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
First , the lichen is not a cure.
Our enemy is not a killer.
A Rob Roy.
Then the Aswang would flick its long black tongue and eat the baby.
We have the same microwave.
Dildos and toys are on the wall.
Yes , my name 's Gareth Lestrade.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
I broke the encryption.
We lost 160 men ... a ... a catastrophic propeller malfunction of some kind.
Besides the fact that I have bone cancer , I 'm great.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
No , my gut says that whoever ran away is our killer and that Lily Greene is a completely innocent schoolteacher who just had the worst night of her life.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
You know , I bet you if I stayed in Poland , my sisters and I would have had our own show.
You always keep a machete in your room ?.
How does it work ?.
No , I just finished setting the traps.
The French arranged it with my mother.
You just need to come up with little tricks to help jog your memory.
In seven days , we run out of food.
Quarantine the healthy animals.
The Ficus is an aggressive grower ;.
Put it back.
Why , you 're ... You 're a freak.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
It was n't great.
So classical four - dimensional general relativity combined with the nuclear forces can explain the relative abundances of all known elements in the universe.
My freedom is temporary.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
The Daleks got here before us.
Hey , we opened the file.
Do not lose his love.
Were plaque filling the vessels of your heart.
Look , I know your father 's looking out for you.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
Everyone has family they 're trying to find.
There 's an alien life - form fusing with your human DNA.
The Beamer is important.
Before his untimely death , my brother implemented a safeguard.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
Last night my printer went off by itself.
I can hear the recorder in your pocket.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
Can you get anything from your computer ?.
There are other people in the fucking world !.
More than effective against your mail - order magic.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
You told me you would n't help me fight a war , John.
Benoît living here with you , finding a job at the same hospital where you work -.
You 're having an emotional reaction to your surroundings.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
It could be broken.
He 'd had it for years.
All right , listen , the terminator 's not dead.
But from my first hearing of it , this tale has haunted me.
... I 've always wanted to be a dad.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
Felt weird pointing a rifle at you even if it were n't loaded.
I can not carry this body with me.
And I sent you a picture of me and Polenta.
Especially when that something is the Krabby Patty.
♪ You know ♪ I finally got out of that place ♪ ♪ It 's true ♪ Old friends are just such a waste ♪ The coach was heading to London.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
Well , I do n't really care what the burro wants.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
He 's a BB unit with a selenium drive ... and a thermal hyperscan vindicator.
I thought you said the dog was dead.
I actually ... I dropped a couch on it.
She killed our parents.
Although , this is the ugliest fucking necklace I 've ever seen !.
I have a job for you.
Keep them.
Well , they 're right in some level , because our economy is based on materialism , it 's based on these kinds of values.
That 's why they tell you to strip -.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
She s been here a year now -.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
We 're gon na give you an even closer look at our Mosasaurus.
It leads to an elevator.
A violence initiated by these evil men ... will be brought to justice ... in the name of decency ... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán.
One skin cell , one strand of hair , that 's all I need to grow a piece of Aleister.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
But this film is different.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
This fruit is defective.
It 's all nasty and bruised up.
This piece of writing is".obscene.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
It s naked , it doesn t say anything , it s obvious.
This bill , did you read it ?.
So , Penny , listen , I saw your movie.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
We 've been combing through the employee records , looking for a shell -.
Kira 's thinking USF.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
- We 've been pen pals.
Hi.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
Do this , and you will never lay your hands on the cipher.
Everett ... I think it 's time for us to rebuild our family.
Everyone knew you were the famous Dr. Thackery.
I emancipated myself from you.
The last thing your mother said to me was your name.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
How do you know Tom 's killer had a blue jacket ?.
Oh , yeah , there 's some sort of an odor.
I keep you because you 're a serpent.
The teacup 's broken.
I 've done things that I 'm not proud of , Vanessa.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Someone who saw Spencer Hastings in the DiLaurentis backyard with a girl , a blonde dressed in Alison 's clothes , the night that Bethany was buried in that yard.
It 's due east now.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
This city does n't deserve a better tomorrow.
If it continues , the peacekeeping mission will fall apart.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
Now , even if you wanted to kill someone with a guitar , you would naturally grab it by the neck , not the body.
You 're going home ?.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
You want goodwill , let 's start there.
You were ... distraught , rightfully , and your brain scans showed abnormalities.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Father told me that that chapel was n't built only for you , but also for me.
That depends.
None of us are responsible for our hearts ... only our actions.
It does n't heat well.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
Remember what the dementia does ?.
The stroller is empty !.
There 's a bomb !.
And as the ruler of a Protestant country allied with England , she would no longer be a threat to Elizabeth.
Please tell me you have the camera -.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
I liked it.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
Mr. Zane , you scheduled this hearing.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
Any secret , no matter how small , can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you.
Whatever the FBI is doing , it 's not enough.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
You know I 'm a survivor.
The Quaken was just being defensive.
We all remember what these guys ' stings can do to you.
She had good style , and I 'm sure that a couple of her dresses are in a closet somewhere.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
Aya 's stake was cursed.
Hook ... Killian ... Whatever deal you made to get your revenge on Gold , it 's not worth it.
No , the ink is iron gall from iron salts and tannic acids.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
They invented the concept the same way Hallmark invented Mother 's Day.
If you want beauty , printed rayon bare jersey will have bright and beautiful colors.
The Darkness is coming.
She 's The Machine.
What is it ?.
The world ai n't all Dilly Bars and debutante balls.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
The priest wo n't accept it.
The dark dimension is volatile.
Then , he leaned in to kiss her , and finally said ... " Oh , that 's rich.
I built it for you.
The Wonder is just a ship.
We must follow the Word of God over the rule of men.
It 's a neutral.
4 - 5 - 5 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - B. That number does not exist.
Command one to dispatch.
Do you know when the voice is gon na speak ?.
NEWT : But I think it might be the reason that the Demiguise is here (.
This mission is cursed.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
The last time I had been here was during the delirious celebration marking the end of the Second World War.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's saved several lives.
I do n't want it.
The cut - off date is the 25th ? -.
He was my first cousin , but I practically raised that boy.
Confirmation of the application -.
Marseille has to move with the times.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used falsified evidence to exonerate a client.
It was a simple little commercial.
It was a simple little commercial.
Is it wise to administer a hypertonic saline to a cardiac arrest patient ?.
Your body will settle in time.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
And to the horror of everyone , he killed that little cat.
The Namorrodor.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
Did you make Dr. Ronald 's tongue ring , too ?.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
There 's a lot for people to be upset about right now.
But you have to be very quiet or you 'll scare them off.
I do n't have one.
Goes up , delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit.
Two - way mirrors , just like the cops use , huh ?.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
Because eating a cheeseburger is a better option ?.
It can charge an electric car for thousands of miles.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
He already is with the souls of all of those Argus agents that he just killed.
The world is what 's insane.
But the part of me that loved you , the part of me that hoped for your redemption ... That part was human.
Just gon na wait for someone to show up order a pizza.
We do n't even know if Congress will approve the appropriation for the bailout.
Why are the Yakuza digging a hole ?.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
This city is screwed up because of you.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
Because some faux version of your brother is upset with something that you did in a fake reality ?.
You actually think that you can beat her.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
Well , it 's more than a gemstone ... it 's also like a kind of onboard computer.
We never figured out where it led to.
It is a living , breathing entity.
It is a magical energy.
It 's the WMD team.
Previously on " The Flash " ... Barry , what you 're seeing is the Speed Force ... Your past , your present , your future.
Suddenly , I remember : I put it in the glove compartment.
You 're worse than my husband !.
This TV station is old.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
It was the end of last year.
Tell me about the film you saw.
You did n't think the war was right ?.
I tracked the last package to the Midtown post office it was mailed from.
This road is not closed.
The virus protection software I told you about.
- Eat me !.
The Stars Hollow Gazette can not just go down.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
_ JEN : I 'm telling you , there 's a rat in the attic.
What about your surgery ?.
You know , the surgery went well.
Uh , like I said , he was a senior board member.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
It 's a high - end ice Axe.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
My product ... I need it back.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
That pod ... It 's identical to mine.
He 's not much of a phone - answerer , in my experience.
Once we plug in the machine , everything will become clear , I 'm sure of it.
The altar is sacred--.
Who asked you to investigate Touvier ?.
I love your movie.
I love this town.
I found it among Miss Bai 's things.
There are stages to a demonic possession , my friend.
This Mazda is a smartphone.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
Cássia , I 'm already fixing the alarm.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
Commodus , the people of Rome , they 're just like you.
This invention has taken the world by storm in just the last couple of years.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
A magic unlike any other.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
Jesus Garcia.
I just had no idea what the solution would do to me.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Why are you so interested in hearing it ?.
Do we have a copy of the Nootka Sound treaty yet ?.
You 're my bodyguard ?.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
So all this is just a bunch of bullshit ?.
God damn it , Christopher.
We got a letter from Eileen.
Well , let 's go back inside.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
However ... I found an extraordinarily high level of hyaluronidase in her system -.
You want me to help you rob the most deadly vampire on the planet ?.
I do n't know how to do it !.
Most turbocharged engines are a bit wheezy at the top end , but because the twin - scroll turbo in this is mounted in the V of the engine ... just like it is in a Ferrari California , coincidentally , the rev counter is still a blur This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
Most turbocharged engines are a bit wheezy at the top end , but because the twin - scroll turbo in this is mounted in the V of the engine ... just like it is in a Ferrari California , coincidentally , the rev counter is still a blur This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
It saved me.
We found Regina Franklin 's parents in Tampa.
It protects itself.
Look , a stone cairn - Pictish civilisation.
