Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
-A popular Argentinean song.
I was n't armed with a knife , your Honor.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion.
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
Before I get married , I 'm gon na sow a couple of wild oats.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
You lose it ?.
We 'd all enjoy a few words from Mr. Chandler , who will tell us something of Beaugard 's life and work.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
It 's signed " Beaugard ".
It could be spinach.
This painting was n't stolen.
But I got ta kill me a pair of skunks , back apiece on the road to Santa Fe.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
I 've never told Black Elk a lie yet.
Bascom , you tell them pilgrims of yours , there 's 500 miles of desert ahead of us and them that do n't like what 's comin ' to them , now 's the time for 'em to turn back.
Oh , I 'd like to kick him into pulp.
Stop shooting ' , everybody !.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Zeke , wo n't you stay over for the anniversary ?.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
The tractor has arrived , the whole village witnessed it.
Good night.
It 's about me.
I 'm not interested in your affairs.
I 'm not interested in your affairs.
I want to believe you.
Now , listen , Joe.
Happy New Year , boys.
Tony deserved a swell send - off -.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
I bet all this trick furniture set you back plenty , huh ?.
Give it to him , Rico !.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
They can knock it down and turn it on its head ― it always gets back on its feet.
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
Did you write this ? -.
We will be leaving tomorrow evening.
Count Dracula 's just taken Carfax Abbey.
I lay in bed for quite a while , reading.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
This is Professor Van Helsing.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
Sit down.
He said beat it.
At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
She opened her cupboard and gave me a petticoat.
That 's a month apiece [.
Or is it one of Bingy 's snowstorms ? -.
About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
Found no skeletons ? -.
Listen , I was in a place today , and I heard somebody say something -.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
You see , I came home from the dance with it hidden under my wrap ... for fear someone would take it from me.
I wo n't say it.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
After all , there is a war going on.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
And , oh , the things we 'll see together -.
Like to see a ship we were once passengers in ?.
Not a bad thought , eh ?.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Bank 's broke.
Listen , if I get them out of the room , will you tell me ?.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Sing Mother Machree if you want to , but call me up.
Sing Mother Machree if you want to , but call me up.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
-She 's living now with her sister , you know ?.
Want to see it ?.
I 've made friends with her ballet master , Pimenov.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
I think you know what the trustees can do with their suggestions ".
In fact , it needs a nightgown.
Well , take it away and hang it in my bedroom.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
Give me that knife.
I 'll take it.
I 'll take it.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
It was a barometer !.
Just pour in acetic acid.
Dennis is sending me out on my first field trip.
Give it back.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
They tell me O'Hara was killed in his flower shop this morning -.
Cesca !.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
I thought I hated this country.
Old man hyena sounds pretty lively -.
Twenty thousand francs.
I was nowhere near that niche.
I got it in the saddlebag.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
Silence befriending , To aid us conspires Prudence attending , Vengeance inspires - You can remember it ? -.
You 're not gon na forget it ? -.
You do ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
You can come in the back way , no one'll see you.
You 're shooting your own men -.
I 've got some luggage at the station.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe.
Where 's the owner of the bicycle ?.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
It was Kemp.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
The foreigner , he promised 15 thalers for a bed.
There 's friendship for you.
There 's a fire in the lodge ! -.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
I 'll find out.
It 's absurd ! -.
Go and bring one of them in.
And I 'll get out of the box , open the door and let you in.
Oh , is she a dream and you should see that dream walking.
Press the flesh old thing or Cheerio Or say how 's tricks or there a hi - de - ho Wie geitz , my friend Or mazel tov Bon jour or any high hat stuff What a linguist !.
Look at the measurements.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
Are you going to see him ? -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
Do you ... have a knife ?.
There 's an error on the registration form of the man they sent down below.
You can fix it , ca n't you ?.
You are a smartie.
You are a smartie.
This is Jeannette.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
See you in a bit.
Nice place.
It was parked at the university.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Throw it down to me , Cheetah.
Answer me honestly , Jane.
Cheetah can show us the way after.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
You 're a fine watchdog.
The mystery 's all gone -.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
And the little friend of Nunheim 's , the frying - pan juggler , there.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
I 'll hold her down and there she 'll be.
Where will she be ?.
Just as in life -.
You 're extremely foolish.
I told Nuttall we 'd get to the boat by midnight.
She swore she wo n't do it again.
Change the boat crews.
This island is n't real for you and me.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
Now , I 'm speaking to you as a sister to a sister.
Do n't open that door before sunrise.
Keep that door locked till dawn.
I 'll give you a 10 - yard start.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
I did n't know you were married -.
Welcome home.
Nickie , I 'm sorry.
This is a new year , the time for resolutions.
It 's his wife.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
You want me to stand out there while Nick might be in trouble ? -.
No pepper -.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
He knew that it had n't been fired.
I had a much nicer voice till I ran a nail through it ... You ran a nail through it !.
Take my offer to your commandant.
Four - and - a - half years of work , madame.
2,200,000 francs.
There 's something wrong with my car.
I 'm getting gooseflesh.
I 'll be through in a second.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Death.
Finest thing we 've heard of in years " ".
They 'll get a legal sentence and a legal death.
They 'll get a legal sentence and a legal death.
I am a citizen of Strand who helped clean up the jail mess.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Bill Chandler.
Take his arm -.
Would you open it for me , honeykins ?.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
They 've even met the woman.
I can explain that thing.
I asked him what he was going to do with the money.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
Grant 's tomb.
Probably as small as Mandrake Falls -.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
Stuff , sir ? -.
Alfie Laurel ".
I got some presents for ya.
Hickok , my friend , speak with straight tongue.
You 'd better take a club sandwich out of this hat.
Miss Carrol , I want to show Mr. Gordon how much you just taught me.
It 's funny how we met , and all that 's happened to us since.
When he took it into his eccentric old head to die last spring he left half of his fortune of nearly a million pounds to the London University for the purposes of entomological research -.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
See the blood oozing through the cut in the glove worn by the murderer Left a distinct mark on the woman 's throat.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
She has some good reason , monsieur -.
He drew nine three times.
Baron de Varville is not a patient man and you 're in the mood to quarrel tonight.
You know her ?.
You know her ?.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
Tell me , who knocked at the door ? -.
We 're a hopelessly happy married couple.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
I do n't remember the name or how we got there -.
Let 's forget it.
If I may say so , sir , my favourite opera is Cavelleria Rusticana.
I should n't mind reading it in a novel.
And I 'm afraid you are a man in love.
And I 'm afraid you are a man in love.
And you 're the wife of a charming and famous man -.
These papers came from Mr Hamilton , sir -.
He said she had blonde hair , blue eyes , my figure and a slight foreign accent.
Are you still harping on that same old string ?.
I would be most honoured , Your Excellency.
I did it for my country.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He says if we do n't let him and Pogey Williams and Alvin Savage ... join the Buffaloes ... - I 'll have to leave school -.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
He can buy more fish than you ever saw.
I read a book on it in Capt.
We 'll save you.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
I know it 's someplace.
Let me look at you , huh ?.
Dr. Hackenbush he 's got apple dumpling.
If Hi Hat wins , we can kiss the sanitarium goodbye.
You see ... we 're digging a tunnel.
I do n't know who will win this war ... The end , whatever it may be , will mean the end of the Rauffensteins and the Boeldieux.
A party three days and three nights ?.
WHISTLE BLOWS ] [ BELL RINGS ] Ward.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
If I wanted to take the title away from you , I would n't spend 50 grand to do it.
At a longest , it 'll be over in an hour.
Postpone the Far East conference.
Chang 's first question was about the pilot.
Mr. Chang , all these things , books , instruments , sculpture were they all brought in over those mountains by porters ?.
I 'd read your books -.
With the same amiability one tolerates only from a very dear and close friend.
I would n't believe it in England.
Think of it -.
We met them here on the train.
Locked !.
Give it all up ?.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Do n't let it out.
Hold it shut -.
Give it to it !.
Give it to it !.
Was it a dragon ?.
Was it a dragon ? -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
Off with its head -.
Off with its head -.
Off with its head -.
Casey , you 're a fool.
Pity ?.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
But since Prince John has seized the regency Guy of Gisbourne and his traitors have murdered and pillaged.
We 'll have to see him through.
Do you want to send a message ? -.
He 's , well , he 's brave and he 's reckless , and yet he 's gentle and kind.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
I 'm too hot -.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
Suppose the cops get hold of this book ? -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
It 's a sedative.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
You said it before.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Because I 'm not a mug.
It 's twice as much as I got.
He deserves it.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
You bought it ?.
It was a free - for - all.
Stop talking and take out the pin.
Maybe for you , but I 've got to get to New York.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
June.
Ever since I came into the house there 's been something wrong -.
I asked you to leave.
I swear , Sorgues said nothing.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
The Seton Concerto in F Major.
Mother had Linda straight off to oblige him.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
Then we 'll drink a toast to Johnny.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
He 'll be up in a minute.
Linda you agree there 's only one thing for me to do now , do n't you ?.
For love , true love , is a very rare and beautiful thing.
I am a man of 58 years and speak from a long experience and observation.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Ever hear of a man and his liquor getting yellow fever ?.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
Armed guards are patrolling the road as far up as Riverview.
Ned Warrington 's got it.
You do n't find that admirable ?.
You swam the bayou ? -.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Where the devil 's Charters ?.
I sell cut - price trinkets.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
Listen.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Taste it.
Did you hear about it , Grandpa ?.
It 's hers.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
It 's in my throat.
It 's in my throat.
Make it frankfurters , and tell Donald to get ... Tell Donald to get a dozen more and an extra can of corn -.
Kind of funny , is n't it ? -.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
Keep it up , kid.
Well , I get crazy when I think there was another guy , maybe , or ... or something , or ... Well ... Let 's skip it , huh ?.
The first time we seen him was in the mess hall.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
That means it was torn off within the last few hours.
This is your responsibility.
Could be the one that was tossed at me.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
I just wanted someone to keep an eye on Nickie -.
A glass of water -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
You found out after the murder that he ditched you for Smitty.
Now , I take out my money.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Get goin' , son.
Do n't let me interfere with your dinner , ma'am.
About the size of a pie -.
No , there 's no future in it ! -.
That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
First sign the receipt -.
I 'll get you something to eat.
He got it from his uncle Admiral Will Hamilton of Savannah who married his cousin Jessica Carroll of Carrolton who was his second cousin and akin to the Wilkeses too.
It 's over !.
I should 've committed robbery to get that tax money for you.
You 're like the thief who is n't sorry he stole but he 's terribly sorry he 's going to jail.
But I will come back.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
Lean forward and go with him.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I wanted you desperately but I did n't think you wanted me.
Give that to me !.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
The window ?.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
Come on get some clothes we 'll find out.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
Tomorrow we will be away from this place.
I am determined to live 100 years and more , if your new elixir does what you promise.
No , I want to talk to you.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
Look to starboard.
And I 'll ride up the capitol steps if I feel like it.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Spray painting , lead painting.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
It has a little knob that you turn -.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
Comrades , once and for all , we are in Moscow.
At least the May Day parade is over.
Do your duty.
Tell us , Ninotchka -.
It may hide in the shadow of a minaret.
Clem came to wish me happiness -.
When Charlotte went West five years ago , it was because of lung trouble , was n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
Let 'em fly -.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
Those pictures of you as a baby -.
But I do not owe her the duty of attendance upon her.
With Baganold 's forces in Ireland , is n't he ?.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
My dear Sir Walter.
Now we must go and talk of Ireland.
You challenge me to go ?.
I beg Your Majesty 's pardon.
You sent for me.
The crowd has invaded the airfield and wants to break through.
He was going to risk his life.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
Try this.
Maybe I 'd better show you how it goes first , and then we can dance together -.
Sue and Little Chief are on the warpath.
I came to see Mr. Big Eagle , but they wo n't let me talk to him -.
Never heard of it.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
We buried the child with his mother.
There 's an established custom in dealing with those matters.
I 'd be friends with the sparrows And the boy who shoots the arrows If I Only Had a Heart Picture me A balcony Above , a voice sings low Wherefore art thou , Romeo ?.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
I think that it that it was n't enough just to want to see Uncle Henry and Auntie Em.
Remember me your old pal , Hunk ?.
A manicurist ?.
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
I 'd be glad to wear it for an evening gown.
Mary , you poor darling , I could die for you.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
It turns into a bathroom.
You start thinking about that $ 25,000 , or even the $ 5,000 ... - Or anything -.
This is my fiancée , Miss Casey.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The dinosaurs were lords of creation for about 200 million years.
A tenderfoot is an easterner.
Might have been a pigeon -.
Joseph Panello.
Dan Wilson ?.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Dan Wilson.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
My wife.
Picking oranges and peaches ? -.
We got bread to make sandwiches.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They know he got hit in the face.
Playing pool tonight , Your Honor ?.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
What do we need a State Capital building for ?.
in a dark chamber my heart is awake it sleeps and waits , wondering where the dream may carry it do you hear , my heart ?.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
I write letters for the Scottish crown but I only see the queen 's eyes I only hear the queen 's voice , like a dark melody a new poem , Riccio ?.
fetch him your face looks terrible.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
She wo n't be able to be away from the paper any longer.
It cost me $ 450 to tear it out of Cooley.
You 'll find your money in the wallet.
Look at me , Hildy -.
Get the mayor over here.
You could get the letter.
And she threatens to turn it over to the prosecution.
I had nothing else to do.
It appealed to me.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
Tell him and have done with it.
Well , the principal item is that letter of Leslie 's I mentioned to you.
We can put some of your things in it in case your bag is crowded.
I toy with a sword.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
Sit down.
Mr. Connor , what would you ... ?.
But with a girl of his own , full of warmth for him full of foolish , uncritical affection ... - None of which I 've got -.
And remember , Mike with the rich and mighty ... Do you know what time it is ?.
And some clothes.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
But never in my life not if I live to be 100 , will I forget how you tried to stand me on my feet again today -.
You forget I am out of it.
Liz ... You see , it really was n't Tracy at all , Mr. Kittredge.
The Captain wishes to justify what , in plain words ... is a desire for plunder with no respect for the interests of Spain.
Bring the drinks.
You had a good laugh the other night too , did n't you ?.
Oh , that admiral 's coat.
He 'd kill you inside of six months.
I can buy two dozen of these cigarette boxes at Miklos Brothers.
It 's quite a bit of money.
You 'll have to see me later -.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
You ca n't send it back now.
You owe us 300 bucks and you 're gon na pay us now ! -.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it.
A blind man can not tell truth from false.
Move its legs , or arch its neck ?.
Pull the reins !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
It was in my house you were cared for , to sleep your sleep ... and dream to its end ... your first dream of love.
I want you to run this editorial in a box on the front page.
Charles , even newspapermen have to sleep.
You 're a success.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
It comes from Trinidad.
Give it to me -.
Give it to me -.
Give it to me -.
You must sing for us -.
He 's not to be disturbed -.
Does it have bacon and eggs in it ? -.
It 's only a dud dead -.
Look , it 's full of powder.
Look , it 's full of powder.
You know how he was before he went into Watson 's malady ?.
You 'll never get rich ... I know the song.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
We had to do it.
This is Blue Army , and you 're our prisoners.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Thank you , Dadda.
I have been busy with the union.
To hell with the wrath.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
He wo n't do it.
He wo n't do it.
I think I 'm going to have to tell a coroner to go to blazes , Sid.
He only had a couple hundred when I searched him this afternoon at my office.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
Surely , Mr. Archer was n't as much to you as ... [ Brigid sobs ] Listen.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
I present you with this dangerous weapon , mademoiselle ... with my undying gratitude and admiration.
Africa is one continent I know better than all their invisible men -.
And , uh , Saul , you can instruct her how to deposit it -.
He 'll address it to , uh- to ... your name.
You 're sealed up , as in a grave.
My purpose was to trap you alive.
Have you got a cigarette ? -.
Hand out the document.
Hand out the document.
Hand it out through the venthole.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Good night , David.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
He 's been worrying himself half - crazy over you , Ben.
Tom says I was to give it to you.
I ai n't never gon na believe you again.
Do n't reckon you need to wait for no invitation -.
It 's like a box , and you can hear music and voices coming right out of it.
In the river where we swim.
Elliott 's already sent a runner for some -.
Supper ready ? -.
Supper ready ? -.
Ai n't even had it out of the car.
Hundred dollars for the year.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
As I was coming up the road there I seen a load of cut wood over in that field and I said to myself : " Would n't it be smart if I was to haul that wood to Augusta and sell it ? ".
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Dude boy , Dude.
Say , you wanna buy a brand - new automobile cheap ? -.
You wo n't ever see no poorer farm.
I took an interest in your work -.
To my dear , sweet Sheila ".
To my dear , sweet Sheila ".
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
The son of a gun bit me !.
I think it 's a fine play.
You telling me the truth ?.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
Lorraine , my blossom , I have the most wonderful news for you.
Dear Mr. Whiteside , I 've been trying all day to see you to give you this.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Is it possible that men of your apparent intelligence have not heard of the " Inflato " ?.
Give it another whirl , Ollie.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play it , Sam.
Shut up and go home , will you ?.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
The " wow " finish.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
Come on , let 's get out of this before you catch cold.
We 'll find her.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Be careful it 's my heart ".
Be careful it 's my heart ".
♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ That 's the girl.
Give it all to her and take her anyplace she wants to go.
Keep calm.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
The weak always have the strong to protect them.
Ask no questions.
Roy has n't a car.
He 'd still be alive.
Good night.
Craig , I 've got a favor to ask of you.
You see , he was going to wash it , but ... - Oh , Stanley , it was n't.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
do n't strike my life down twice , dear.
Get up , aunt Fanny ! -.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Gloria ... I wo n't say it again , Gloria.
You wo n't be needing me again , Mr Decrey ? -.
She 'd actually pawned her bracelet for money.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
It 's strange no one went the day the Corsicans kept watch ... as if the blackmailer knew he 'd be caught.
Did you find them ?.
When I was 17 , I came in once after midnight.
Meet me outside ? -.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
We promised to meet Deb for dinner.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
But to build a working model in some field or village somewhere that small planes could actually land on to prove that it was practical , would only cost about $ 99,000.
He just ... $ 700 just like that ?.
The Wienie King ?.
In cash , maybe ?.
My sister and your brother.
My sister and your brother.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
You know about Gerry 's decision ?.
That night I took you to Pittsburgh 's party I wanted us to prove something for keeps.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
Sam feels it 's too risky taking you.
He 'll be so happy.
I ca n't believe it.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
Industrial Prince of England ... " " ' Mr. Charles Rainier " '.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
Social secretary ? -.
I guess we can find a cranny somewhere for you.
He 's singing to you , Lumpy.
I knew her.
Bolt the faceplate home.
Ken saw him too !.
I got caught in this storm.
Get all the things together.
You think they got the place spotted ?.
Now , if you 'll give me your address in New York , Miss Martin , we can contact you back there.
You see , I work in a store downtown.
He dismantled his bomb sight and packed the units in four of the boxes.
Dr. Tobel has disappeared.
Look after him will you Hoffner ?.
Nobody is gon na call me a Nazi and get away with it.
Withdraw material from elsewhere ?.
I just cashed out.
My uncle must have signed it.
Take it off.
Beet soup with sour cream.
As soon as I finish my course in American cooking ....
With an egg in it.
Listen , you blow your horn at 7 tonight right outside , sonny.
Bracken 's alive.
Tell your pals we 're here to trap lions.
Did you tell that fellow to walk out of my soliloquy ?.
Did you tell that fellow to walk out of my soliloquy ?.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Oliver and Kate are badly mauled.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
Get the spectrum slide of wolf 's hair out of my case while I mount this.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
In Miss Helga 's room -.
That book telling the history of the family had a hint in it.
That book telling the history of the family had a hint in it.
See , Tess is my wife.
I have n't seen the doctor -.
I have n't seen the doctor -.
If you wish your new estate to be touched with lasting beauty cherish those gracious visions of your first love.
Hand it over.
We can keep her under control.
Take a look at them , Uncle Sam.
They pet the Devil ! -.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
I gave up that world.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He had some money in the bank , and he would n't draw it out.
Just sit over there.
Tanks , artillery , troops , all must come over this bridge.
He catches rabbits.
Primitivo , climb up that rock as high as you can.
Have you been through before ? -.
When I stirred up the fire for coffee , I found it -.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Die if you must , for a cause that 's just .. but shout to the end : ' No Surrender '.
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Morning , Mother -.
Insulin produces a state of coma.
You do n't believe in it ?.
You do n't believe in it ?.
He 's even used a copy of the Daily Planet.
If you 're on this frame , it 'll be a case of murder.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
Waco , get some cans and some ropes from the tank.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
You got a job.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
Suppose we send those two Germans to tell them there 's plenty of water here.
Just give us our orders.
I like to travel.
Drink all you can find !.
Drink all you can find !.
I think tunes jump from head to head.
Did you ever see a house made out of newspapers ?.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
But you had to speak them when you 're brother Geoffrey took over.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
Who first shall find it were better dead Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
Her mind.
I 'll kiss the book on it.
She must have changed her mind.
Here lies the body of Ralph Musgrave , knight , the lord of the manors of Hurlstone ".
It 's a burial crypt.
Stay where you are.
But it was n't easy to let you take my gun away from me without seeming to hand it to you.
Obviously Watson , one of 'em died before passing on the meaning of the ritual to his heir.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
Or to tell us they know that Sherlock Holmes is on the case.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
Now would you just give me the address where you want it sent ?.
Interesting piece.
Look at that tree.
Look at that tree.
And as I found life at your breast he 'll find life at mine.
And as I found life at your breast he 'll find life at mine.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
Ratty old chair , ai n't it ?.
British Museum will still be there (.
Oh , you should n't Why not , the man you sent me to advanced me five hundred pounds on my worthless policy and all I could think of was you.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
He 's onto us , Norman.
Cigarette ?.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
Keep out of this !.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
Judge Cullman ?.
He does n't live with us.
You have the word of the President of the United States.
I hate cops.
Maybe we 'd better go to your house , huh ?.
I ca n't read it.
I was getting it ready to send to Washington.
Because , properly detonated , it would blow up this entire city.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
Out in the car.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
The last to arrive on the glorious battlefield of Shiloh and the first to leave it ! -.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
Indian !.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
What killed my son ?.
It 's a germ.
You should be a very distinguished- looking man 10 years from now.
You think you 're such a hot potato as a Claims Manager ... such a wolf on a phony claim.
You said it was n't suicide.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
Until he can take the train.
We were at Lake Arrowhead.
X is equal to negative P half plus or minus the root of P half in square minus Q the tangent one half ( Alpha plus Beta ) ... If the cocoa is not sweet enough for you ... It 's fine , it 's fine.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
The whole thing is alive with happiness.
There is an attic under the roof.
It belonged to my mother , and before that to her mother ... and now it belongs to you.
Please see that he has plenty of coal on the fire in his room.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
The little picture has been taken down.
The little picture has been taken down.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
I 'm very sorry , but I 'm afraid my wife 's illness has returned -.
The gas just went down -.
But he was here.
I saw him.
Look into my eyes.
Get it and cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
I can never find them.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
It 's not charity.
It 's a loan.
He was n't interested.
Would n't even look at it.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
You see , it 's not just the type of song that a guy would ... Pardon me , Father , that a gentleman ... would croon to his babe , if you know what I mean.
Father O'Dowd and I thought , with your permission , we 'd play golf tomorrow.
Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
" Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
You do love him.
Yesterday morning , after Laura 's body was found , I was questioned by Sergeants McAvity and Schultz , and I stated , " On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
This is Lieutenant McPherson.
Laura , take a look at this.
Shelby and I are going to be married next week.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Waldo heard Shelby running from the next room so he hid in the stairway outside.
Mrs Porter lent you her coat to help keep you warm.
I 'm a great believer in science.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
Since the Prague Conservatory was unable to take him in , Lisinski took lessons at professor Pitsch 's famous organ school.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Stanley , we 've got to uphold the rights of human beings.
Get the meat -.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
Leave it alone.
And now , gentlemen and Christopher if I may trouble you to climb out on the ledge outside this window.
I have him under lock and key.
Reach into the inside pocket of that coat that you 're about to throw aside.
On the contrary , I 'm afraid the greatest harm has been done.
They arrested the housekeeper.
Extraordinary thing.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
You 'll find more chance at finding the clue you 're looking for in the china cause there is much more china.
Borgia Pearl ... Here we are , sir.
Attend to the gentleman , Miss Benzenger.
He 's addressing a meeting of the Royal Canadian Occult Society at a Quebec hotel.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
I 'm quite sure that Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in the village the size of La Morte Rouge.
I 'm sure Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in a village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Now if we can find the missing half ... notice the discoloration of the torn edge , faded signature , the upper half was torn off some time within the last year I should say.
I do n't like him -.
The tickets in his wallet show he was to leave Martinique at daylight.
Would you like to hear them ?.
A guy goes out and breaks his neck to ... I might have expected it.
Get over by his head.
Be a good boy -.
But blowing up a bridge , killing a whole trainload of Germans , that counts.
Your records are old.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
Tell them he 's coming.
Let 's get out of here.
Did you hear a shot ? -.
Nick.
Cut it out , will you ?.
I found her on the floor.
Peter Berton painted it.
Peter Berton painted it.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
Mrs. Charles , where is your husband ? -.
Are you telling me that there pretty lady is a skunk ?.
Some friend of this belly - bustin ' gunman , I take it.
The money.
Now they got a " corpus delict " -.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
No mortal cold , Sally.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
By the end of this evening , I shall be just as credulous as any of you.
I remember the date , because it was Peter 's birthday '.
Just a little birthday present.
I told you it sounded silly.
But lately , however hard I try , it does n't change anymore.
Good morning , Miss Walsh I beg your pardon , Mrs Cortland.
Ever since Mr Craig arrived , you 've been asking me to produce scientific explanations like rabbits out of a hat.
Hear that , Nathalie ?.
On credit ? -.
I bumped into a man carrying some baskets a little while ago.
I remember having gone out last evening ... and then nothing more until I found myself a while ago over in Fulham.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It 's I , George.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
Send for a cab , will you ?.
There 's a deep bruise on her throat.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It acted like a thuggee cord.
I open next week.
Try it once.
Netta , it is n't a waltz.
It belongs to the concerto.
Listen.
Play it.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Netta 's marrying me next week.
It 's obvious my dear Watson , since Mr. Davis was not at dinner , Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
Oh but Mr. Holmes , there 's no need for you to stay at the inn.
Do n't you worry Mr. Alastair , we 'll soon have him in jail before he can kill anyone else.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
No fingerprints were listed under the name of Francisco Ruiez.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
-We found the typewriter and checks.
Every person who entered or left the store was being photographed by FBI agents from an office directly across the street.
Stay there while he puts it into code.
On second thought , it wo n't be flattery.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
This is the tastiest sandwich I 've ever eaten -.
Come here and sit down.
Look at me.
This is Ruth Berent.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
You ever lie in your bed , looking at the window ?.
The checks must 've gotten mixed up -.
You had another bottle.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
Wait till you 're a sophomore.
For three years , they could n't talk me out of you.
Stop lying to me.
Get rid of it that way.
Relax and have a glass of sherry.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
Pick out something you like , and I 'll play it for you.
Da da da da , da da da da Oh.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
Now he 's looking for new buttons to push.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
With a man who pushes you around the way I would n't push a cat around.
Are you blind ?.
Hello , Lazy Legs.
I 'm sorry you have to go ... Bye - bye , Dear -.
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ....
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ... - Or even steal it -.
Look , I want you to get all that 's coming to you , Mr. Higgins.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
You know Adele ... What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
Here 's 140 dollars that was taken out of her pocketbook.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
But it does n't happen like that , in a day.
I felt it this afternoon.
Go on and try to recall the details.
Angel Valley.
Chew these sulfur pills.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
You 'll find it.
You see this book ?.
Are n't we dressing for dinner at your mother 's house tonight ? -.
Go and consolidate your position.
Patrick Jamieson , ma'am -.
Since I told you , I 've been thinking all sorts of things.
It is selfish.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Let 's try the oxygen valve.
Kitty , I would n't dream of it , it looks such fun.
Never use drugs.
Very curious.
That window in the empty house across the street , first floor front.
Waters of forgetfulness.
Go out onto the terrace.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
Monsieur Duclois.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
It 's belle ! -.
I 'm going to be married.
Tell me , are you a musician ? -.
I saw it when you came in.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
Karel 's life has been a tragic one.
Oh , I was a jealous fool.
He broke it.
Frankie Olins had it.
He took it from a shiny red bank truck two days before Christmas.
Your dingy , gloomy office in that dingy , dirty street , the rotten smell from the factory chimneys pressing down on the shabby little houses ?.
Come on and help me with the box , Benny -.
Lloyd , where are you , you fool ?.
Lloyd , where are you , you fool ?.
Come and dig it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Get off it !.
Get off !.
Get off !.
It 's mine , I found it !.
I 'm a collector you know and a collector buys but never sells.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
Here , play the song for me , will you , the way it 's written -.
We now have two thirds of a message.
Women and gambling do n't mix ".
The answer is no -.
Johnny will take you to the party.
The plane leaves at two o'clock.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
Uncle Billy , telephone -.
No charge.
Look at this.
This is a pickle , George.
If you close your doors before 6:00 p.m. , you will never reopen.
I ca n't think anymore , George.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Said he died.
We call that wind the Santa Ana.
I got them washed for free [.
Were you ? -.
I ... Never turn down a good offer.
Can you go through with it ? -.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
I tried , but nobody could have stopped you.
We ... We took a life , did n't we , Frank ?.
You ca n't live without money.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
I have n't had a drink since that night in the rue de Lappe.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
I 'm lunching with a duke on Sunday and I 've told my doctor he must put me to rights by then at all costs.
Look at me , Larry.
Called the Cellar.
You 're going to be pretty sleepy this afternoon.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
Kendall does n't work out of the missing persons bureau , you know -.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
The docs patched me up -.
You wo n't get the money !.
You wo n't get the money !.
Bring them right in there , Mr Peabody.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
Mr Potter asked me to deliver this -.
Was the key ever out of your possession ?.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
Make her give it to me , Mr. West.
Let me take off my bags -.
It 's a 500 ?.
Take it.
The Ace of Clubs.
You believe in Santa Claus ?.
One con 's gon na buy his way out.
Honey , make a wish.
We sent some men out in a boat.
The plan 's a flop.
Came home and landed at Sanlúcar just two days ago -.
Have the boy bring my animal too -.
Take the ring back -.
Where 's the lock to this chest ? -.
You may think that anyone can lay a hot iron on an open wound.
But , sir , those ships are our only means of communication and — and retreat.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
The cops may be on their way right now ! -.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
I perfected my own special technique 12 years ago ... before I was kicked out of the Medical Association.
Used it in the last war.
It 's time for the bandages to come off.
I think I even like you better.
Tell me or I 'll shoot it out of you -.
You told yourself you were rid of me and nobody else could have me.
I was up for the Navy cross.
What I mean is , they look like they 've been pierced for earrings.
May he rot and swell and split himself inside out.
Liebling , you are my man.
Tonight would you be entertaining the chief of police ... these Nazi party officials and elite guard officers ... if you were n't forced to ? -.
I can say goodbye to a lot , and quickly.
Do n't scratch it out.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Everyone knows it 's been signed over to me.
A problem with the engine ? -.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
I interviewed him for my paper , The Real France.
It 's perfectly safe tonight.
You have a job.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
I 'm worried about the deed to this house.
Just remember , I 've got a 3 o'clock train to meet.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
You 're really fond of sam and selina hall.
I wo n't again.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
Have you read the morning paper ? -.
A very old oldie.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's a dinghy.
There it is.
We met before.
At the Charity Ball ?.
Live a little , man.
I do n't feel it.
Who gets the bone ? -.
I only steal cocktail napkins.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
She is n't wearing it anymore -.
Mr. Bannister tells me you once killed a man.
I 'm very interested in murders.
I 'm very interested in murders.
He was a Franco spy.
Of money ?.
He talked about suicide.
You ca n't escape it or fight it.
He wo n't be murdered until tonight.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
Shoot ! -.
Sit down.
My love ... - Look at my neck.
Katya , you have a Russian soul !.
And if you returned , you know you would always go again.
Without you , I would n't be alive anyway.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She asked me to thank Your Majesty for the bridal bouquet.
And now let us proceed to a luncheon we have prepared for you.
They were the last two buildings in Berlin to surrender.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
I was washing my hands when he asked me to give it to you.
Sergeant , you a judge of whiskey ?.
Sergeant Major O'Rourke , you will pardon me for speaking bluntly.
Thou know'st ' tis common.
Did you not speak to it ? -.
And fixed his eyes upon you ? -.
This skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty year -.
Hurry up , Bruno.
Hurry up , Bruno.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
Have n't I repeatedly told you not to cut up the paper until I 've read it ?.
Not a bad - looking house.
You buy it with your heart , not your head.
Muriel and I have found what I 'm not ashamed to call our dream house.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
I think you 'd better get in touch with Mr. Apollonio.
A simple bathroom , 8 by 10 by 8 with grade - A fixtures will cost around $ 1300.
Three weeks now at $ 4.50 a foot -.
Gussie , I spend eight hours every day trying to cram this stuff down the throats of millions.
Now , the kitchen 's to be white -.
Not a cold , antiseptic , hospital white -.
Mr. Blandings , there 's a matter of $ 12.36.
Take it on , Gumbo.
Take it on , Gumbo.
He 's diabolically clever.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
Get away , Matt.
See , he thought I was one of a bunch-- Hold it.
I heard it.
We did do it in daytime.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
It 's not locked.
Brandon , we 've got to hide it -.
Answer it.
Mattie got us a house in Gusherton all right.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I guess Alvin wo n't get his sweater for Christmas.
To arrive in Paris on one day and be killed on the next.
Give me that ring -.
It was renounced by its owner quite some years ago.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
Take it your way.
Do you believe what the old man ... who was doing all the talking at the Oso Negro ... said the other night ... about gold changing a man 's soul so that he ai n't the same kind of a guy ... that he was before finding it ?.
Look , Curt , there 's a vein of it , here , in this rock.
Not much different from sand -.
Open the sluice gate.
Brace yourself.
Off our claim.
Sam has never forgiven the.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
He could hear it , and he could feel it.
This heat of Rome oppresses me.
Think of this , a sword is like a bird.
Remember , I 'm not in the same league with you , financially.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
MacRoberts ? -.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
And we have to save the professor in spite of himself.
It was a stroll through a thousand memories.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
His Excellency , the ambassador from the court of France -.
It does bring out the colour in your beautiful , big , brown eyes.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Ariane ?.
Get down to the mill !.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Grisha !.
It 's a Mauser.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
Mother - in - law will just marry earlier.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
All I 've got ta do is find my lipstick.
It is known as " dissociative reaction ".
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
Then I have to remove the detonator.
I think I 've found a name for it.
So that if it can die , it will.
-I ca n't get the car started.
Religion is love.
I 'll not fight like a gladiator !.
Obey your rectoress in all things.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
The dark cloud.
The dark cloud.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS THE MIDDLE GROUND BETWEEN LIGHT AND SHADOW.
WELL , IT 'S J UST LIKE M IN E..
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
The thunderstorms in Switzerland ... - Did you like it there otherwise ?.
Your next stop , the twilight zone.
I was given a pearl necklace.
It 's a bit far , but I must ask you to accompany me to Gojiin - gawara.
See , I 'm due back by five and ... - A jeep like this might come in handy -.
Venice was so good to award me an honorary research project : Reconstruction of political murders from the 14th century.
She was different.
Did you deserve to be sent an angel ?.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
And just as Antony had foretold the forces of Octavian came to meet them on the spot where they landed.
Be happy ".
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
Upstairs , end of the hall.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
Tomorrow at dawn , the flying circus of my personal pilot , Miss Pussy Galore , will spray it into the atmosphere.
I wore the mask to scare you away from him.
Relics of a by - gone age.
We have to start from scratch.
I have to send you off to your flea- bitten war.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
The point is , the Foreign Office believe the police.
Captain , if your crew saw you carry me here ... My crew is sworn to secrecy.
You think it 's more of a young person 's art.
At the first opportunity buy two or three branded whiskey bottles.
You just want me to have this flower ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
How would you like to go to sleep and wake up in a new world ?.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
I 've seen old photographs of this period.
He never had a chance to fire.
I could go to my old teacher Makino ... he 's the only honest man i know.
You can always fall back on the firing squad.
I was acquainting you with the fact of a murder that my brother , Lord Henry Beverton , and Doctor Adams planned to commit.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
Turn it on.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
If nobody claims it , you can keep it.
It 'll knock him unconscious.
That parrot is definitely deceased.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
The safe is for official business only.
As it was addressed to you , sir , I thought you might like to have it.
At the zoo.
At the zoo.
They know about you on the ground.
They know about you on the ground.
It kept licking at a dead man 's face.
Sergeant , get back down to the main gate and get a three - tonner here for wounded -.
Tell me , do you know someone called Rosemochronos ... ? -.
So he suffers more If we kill them all now he 'll have a bad time once then get over it Alright then So let 's start with this one God , it 's dumb It 's dead.
Well , he 's pining for the fjords.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
You see , Harold , I feel that much of the world 's sorrow comes from people who are this ... yet , allow themselves to be treated as that.
And I say the richest citizen of Appleby has to do his duty.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
You hate it , but I love it.
Stop , you 're on the serial number.
Follow the trolley bus.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it 's dead !.
A coffin fell on me -.
The camera is up high.
We 've also developed a tomato Which can eject itself when an accident is imminent.
Come on , slanty man.
Yet the body dies.
I need the magic.
Must be in the fuel line.
I found a lid.
The original driving license.
Stay back from the train till it stops.
Baptist ?.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
To get rid of it.
The mythical island.
Lucita and I have broken all the rules.
You 'd have bled to death by then.
A better breed could prosper here , given time.
12,000 feet.
You got 12 other guys in this town you could use.
Look at that coat.
Try it.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
When we break free , we will be thrown approximately 5.698 light - years.
The church is empty.
Morning , Fawlty -.
Would you like to go for an ice cream ?.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
They kick you out after 22 years , they ought to have a brass band.
The soul is sick and tired Of its too solid shell , With ears , mouth , eyes The size of a nickel coin And skin all scarred and diced , Spread over a skeleton.
Your skin , it is so beautiful.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
You 're supposed to be up here by now.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
But Kuramochi , if it exploded in a crowded area , it would kill thousands more people.
Bastard !.
I 'm sorry about that , Miss Henderson , but ... Listen , we 'll be back next week with another vital question for our panel : " Do attack dogs make good house pets ? ".
Would you take a look at this tomato ?.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
I 've found an apartment.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
After you leave the temple , you must teach this Fist set ... to Yan Yongchuen.
We organised a surprise for Etienne.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
Hilary 's papa was in our diplomatic service in London.
I 'm moving in with you -.
I 'm moving in with you -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
Did Father Merrin ever name the demon ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
It 's two wine to one water still.
Good idea.
It 's a huge snake with red scales.
Oh , the publisher ... I do n't know if he 's a publisher , but he 's definitely rich ... - Well , those lucky publishers ! -.
They tell of survivors who escaped in ships.
Our recorded history tells us that we descended ... from a mother civilization ... a race that went out into space to establish colonies.
Your friend Geiger gave you a key.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
Frank , this is Dr. Forest -.
He does n't have to.
Got the river.
I 'll go tell my dad No one 's told me about it.
Hyzenthlay can run.
YOU MISSED YOUR CALLING.
Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle.
Tulse Luper said , if in need , I should play this map like a blank in a card game.
Get her up , get her up ! (.
Ash , can you hear me ? (.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Does the world really exist ?.
Does the world really exist ?.
we 've seen it.
He think he 's a pilot , still fighting the war.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
Like clash of swords Waves dashing on the shore Summoned by the drums to fight My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
We know Mama 's sewing machine.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
I read the file -.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
Drive the car ! -.
Mr. Hunter , this is only ... I 've got 2.6 million dollars worth of gems arriving ' tomorrow.
They found Rambo 's body.
Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
The Pink Panther is in my safe at ... Your Highness , please.
I saw it with my own eyes going out of the window.
I do n't have to fight with you.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
I think Mandelstam will have a heart attack.
Vicki , can I help you with that Kool - Aid ?.
Find out where Largo 's boat is at the moment.
The effects are indistinguishable from the American medium - yield bomb.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
Gus has just come back from the second trip in space.
Sometimes I think we 're all gon na get electrocuted.
This corn is raw !.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
Steven will stop you at the door.
Please forgive me , but my life is in danger too.
And Louis himself McCarthy is drivin '.
But when we came home , the car was in the driveway and the hood was up ... but the work was n't completed.
Meet the ball -.
I was Buzz Blade , Mrs. King.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
They say I have to rewrite the opera.
You 're his father.
I 'm eastbound in pursuit of a white Lamborghini.
A storm is coming.
I did n't make any modifications.
The vacuum cleaner 's under the bed.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
At the Rexford Palms Hotel , apparently , flat on my back.
The safe was peeled.
I did n't see the skateboard.
Billy red - lined that vial through analysis -.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
What 's the name of the piece at the back of the knee ? -.
The testicles were boiled in soy sauce and the vagina has just a blood sauce.
And then destroyed the evidence , because he was gon na turn it over to the I.R.S. Ca n't you people make up your minds ?.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Clever , huh ?.
Set the V - gain to filter RF ambient.
Check on Gorman , continue my analysis.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
A fly got into the transmitter pod with me that first time when I was alone.
We need to dig a huge reservoir ... and channel rainwater from the whole hillside.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
I 'm Michelle Wilson.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
The guys with dark glasses kidnapped you ?.
But it 's only 95 calories.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
It 's dormant.
It 's dormant -.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
Does Al have a sock drawer ?.
He killed our dog !.
Take it , it 's yours.
Only maintenance you 'll ever have is to wash it down twice a year with a hose.
Your grandfather heard me and in a rage rushed into his room and came out with the wing of the Korê.
Writing home.
It 's not that dangerous when it bites , but it will poke.
He 's forgotten everything.
He was with a nun.
You may ask any questions you wish.
Not on your ring finger.
I just ca n't wait to talk to that cemetery custodian.
Do you think you 've stumbled on another murder , " Monsieur " Poirot ?.
Something to do with roses ?.
Something to do with roses ?.
All the free food you can eat.
We had a little accident.
No , you have to work the clay.
In Paris , Monsieur.
It was a puzzle box.
Here 's a happy donor.
Must repair wiring to memory.
I could use a love potion on her !.
Give me that dust of broken heart.
We 're going to find her.
Give me a vision that I may know the truth I seek.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
It 's in this apple.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
It was that he gets engaged to return marrying , if that responds to his question.
To Pipe it knew it in India.
I saw the lights of this house in the darkness and I just kept on running , until I got here.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
Jean - Luc Picard , Captain of the Enterprise.
I 've inhibited almost all activity in the neocortex.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me -.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
Kitzmiller.
I understand that you are in charge of the remains from the night of the massacre ?.
It was empty.
It was logged in as a B file.
Down by the river.
I 'd say this an evil ghost The odor is very strong It 's back !.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
You know , Hastings , the worst kind of fanatic , is the quiet unobtrusive fanatic.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
I have no desire to remain here.
Look around.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
My brother gave it to me before he went to jail.
Dumb.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
Did you read her letter ?.
Even your Aunt Hedwig.
I wanna give you something.
The car 's gone.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
In my country , shoe salesmen are laughed at by beggars and the feeble.
Notice the perfection of the line , and rhythm of movement : " of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
She has a small son of her own.
Take it without anyone seeing you.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
See , I was at a ... - ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Come by before you go home for Christmas.
This box does n't exist.
I 'll put it to you in plain English.
For if the head is man 's noblest appendage - it is the most unpleasant part of a trout.
Well , then , we 'll do this song.
We could steal a newspaper and use their TV section.
Tell your friends.
It ca n't handle the interface of your converter.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
In the meantime , take us out of range.
She has the right to leave.
I hope Cmdr La Forge and Capt Picard agree.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
I came up the island to look for a new horse.
It 's a long shot , but it 's ... Well , it 's legal.
Ignore your psychic abilities.
Had a sister who went to England 20 years ago , a brother who died in 1987 -.
The door was unlocked.
Easy does it.
You need n't be alarmed.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
We 're going to see the gators , girls.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The first is the staff a symbol of strength , yet flexibility.
The dragon has a wing.
When thou dost ask me blessing I 'll kneel down and ask of thee forgiveness so we 'll live and pray and sing and tell old tales and take upon us the mystery of things as if we were God 's spies.
It was no ordinary hit - and - run.
It 's already passed your doorstep.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
Commander , can I talk to you ? -.
I 'm willing to forget what happened back there , and take you with me.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Boost the confinement beam , please.
Baltimore PD checked out Tooms 's apartment.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
The rain stung my eyes like a thousand bees !.
I want to get rid of him.
The car !.
If I know her as well as I think I do , she 'll invite us in for tea and strumpets.
He was coughing most of the night , sir.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
Death sets in after ... uh ... 7 minutes.
My father left me a hunting book.
I hit the baby !.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
I have few days left to me , but I will watch him until the end.
Even before that , as a youngster , I used to build model cranes.
You know , like taking me to the opera , the ballet , the theater.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
See , Superman saved me from this building the sound guy blew up and even though I 'm not a reporter I thought I 'd write down a few paragraphs , show the chief but I can finish it someplace else.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
There 's not gon na be a commercial -.
They crashed in the Andaman Sea off Burma [.
I 'm through !.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
FORD : It 's a nuclear captor mine.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
Get your hand off that.
The object could have been dangerous.
The man there says he has Molor 's head in a box.
I took care of your grandmother 's house.
We could charge big fines for trespassing or for spitting on the street.
Throw it !.
Her name 's Rosanna.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
I 've got news from the US G Control Center.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
I 've just had a vacation with Len Bateson.
This is unbelievable !.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
STAR Labs has a subzero chamber there.
Sonya 's gon na kill me -.
There 's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream -.
So far , our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe , each on a progressively narrower band.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
You asked for them during your worst fevers.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
You stole the X-5 unit.
Die ! -.
Just put it down and I wo n't have to kill you.
You let it out , but you let it out at a pace the world can absorb.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
She looks for me at the library.
Mary , you 'll find an eel in the fish pantry.
No one knows who fed you this information.
I do n't like cats , but when my dog died , he gave me a cat.
It 's the famous Krupp 88.
This rock is limestone.
I 'm not trying to create a market.
You , who knew what was coming , but refused to take up the burden of this war.
I 've given them the island of Celini.
The electro - whip is set to give an increasing level of pain each time it is used.
The Babylon Project was our last , best hope for peace.
Kudos on that hat joke.
You lock it up.
Can you tell me the significance of that line ?.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
I believed in it so much I had to lead a double life.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
Here 's the location of the real bomb.
Beep Lois and Clark to meet me at the house they went to this morning.
It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
Nice.
Nice.
It 's a work of art.
Look at the size of it !.
Take my own mezuza in that tree of yours up there.
Good.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Remember me with this.
When I was a child , I would come to this park and play.
You must learn to control it.
The missile 's fully programmed.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
Stuck in a nowhere job.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
Your " gift " gave you a nervous breakdown.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
One child is dead.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
I need you to contact the Council of Ministers.
Maestro , your prince is going to come after us.
I wo n't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
The Goa'uld has won.
Scully 's voice ) In med school , ... --I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced,"- _ .a dark stranger who takes up residence , ... _ .turning its new home against itself This is the evil of cancen " _.
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
He looks like a fucking loser.
And her horse fell ... and Judith 's foot was caught in the stirrup.
I tried to grab her reins and ... to get her horse to move out of the way.
Begging your pardon , my lady , but that mirror in your bedchamber did you move it ? -.
Do you admit that on the night of May 1st ... you did willfully and consciously apply ... the following forbidden paint colors ... to the north wall of the Pleasantville police station ... red , pink , vermilion , puce , chartreuse ... umber , blue , aqua , oxblood , green , peach , crimson ... yellow , olive , and magenta ?.
Magic is n't just spells and potions.
Copy it and send it for me.
Carbon - based elements in the fossils ... exist only in the Magellanic galaxy.
Only in bed (.
He has heard your music and it is good.
I need to talk with you -.
The man was a cheat -.
I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure ".
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Meet me in my quarters in one hour.
I have n't been able to give it time because we 're up to our ears looking for the hit man after Garibaldi and there 's less than eight hours until the ceremony.
The willow is deceptively strong.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
But the case I 'm about to describe is so horrific , it should never be discussed outside this room.
- You do n't pay soldiers to do their duty.
Bajor will be reborn.
I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless.
What 's amazing to me is that someone 100 , 000 years ago was harvesting microsingularities.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
It 's just an organic one.
Get in the car , Scully.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
It 's the question that drives us , Neo.
It was a dream.
Find the chopper ? -.
I said " buy " too many times , right ?.
Asses of Fire is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Louhela , take the girls with the wounded to Lieksa.
There are no secrets at the countryside.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
Call me crazy but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project an image of success at all times.
-Hanne ... -What is it ?.
Look at my nose.
You measured it in meters ?.
Casey is doing well.
The car gave up the ghost.
Place me on your heart like a seal , like a signet ring on your hand.
Be sure about yourself be fore you blame others.
I went on the mission-- the one my mom told me about , the Borg sphere-- but it did n't work.
Somehow the beginning of the spell must 've been triggered.
We 're in control here.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
Wanna go into your party ?.
The Link is part of what we are.
He claims you called for him -.
Allow me to repair your program.
You 've deactivated your com system ?.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
Jack , he disabled the DHD and Sam said we ca n't fly that ship all the way home.
It 's an implant.
I could eat a whore.
Sean will be suspicious if I turn up and say " Honey , I 'm home ! " -.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
To make a new life.
It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded.
After the bath , you 'll be calmer.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
The board meets once or twice a week , and we take up important issues -.
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to spot a clinker like this.
He 's done a rally driving course.
We 've got sandy beaches.
Listen.
It was going black.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
I am not your hero , your great guy.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Have some foie - gras , Lover.
10 bullets were recovered at the scene , but one was never found.
Now we 're soul mates.
Get it out of here.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I ca n't levitate when I want to , I ca n't premonition ... - Guys ! -.
The probe 's impulse thrusters are starting to fail.
Come back with me to Voyager.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
Be careful , both of you.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
It will drown !.
It will drown !.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
We 're getting help from Dad 's best man ?.
The crystal thrives on the collective emotions of all who came before us.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
The knight Gregoire de Fronsac and his companion Mani ... were neither hunters , nor were they soldiers.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
Get back , son , you 're going to lose a limb now [.
is that , you know , that , kind of " deserty , " " underground monstery " ?.
He 's Ml6 's man in Hong Kong.
The fish from one of those very rivers of yours , eh , Captain Hastings ?.
-A thousand years , maybe.
Stop their war.
I put it back on the Internet and I was amazed at the number of people that picked it up and started using it.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Director : Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
That 's our task in the Rekill Research Laboratory , the former college of art for women.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
We 're losing main power.
You have to help me.
The op - ed page is sad.
It 's not very mouth - like -.
The key still wo n't go into you.
Look , if you have a medical question , I 'm forced by hospital policy to answer you.
Maria has ten dicks -.
He works for you.
I even built a model of the probe.
I thought you removed all her cybernetic systems.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
She spent two years working on the gate prior to her five years of service at the SGC.
Gettin ' a little dirty for you , Maybourne ?.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
And knowledge of our systems.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
Been shut down for years.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
YOU ... YOU TOOK AWAY MY SON.
You take care of this car ?.
THE N2 K 'S AN EXTREMELY EFFICIENT MACHINE.
Jack Barnes.
Just thought I 'd call and get some more info.
Are you in possession of my microfilm ? -.
It 's too late.
I solved the code.
Now apologize for your mistake and tell me ... When do I get to go ?.
That particular item is not for sale.
I want to restart my career.
I 'll stop you on the road to the land of the dead.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But ... I 'm a fallen woman.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
This safehouse has saved me before.
The sex was polite.
I had this enormous crush on Madelyn Pruitt.
It 's a time of magic , all right.
He can hurt me ... without his head exploding.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
Okay , somebody 's been watching way too much Discovery Channel.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
Well , just take it back.
Let me ask you a question , Doc , just out of curiosity.
They brought the weapons online right when we needed them.
Well , good new is , who better to save a Leviathan than us , huh ?.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Find the problem , and fix it.
I wrote a song about the experience.
lt 's been non - stop.
You think the blast caused them ?.
There is n't always a way out -.
It takes guts wearing a pink shirt on the BPD Homicide unit.
And she is the go - get - shit - done piece.
There was no call.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Pour it into them , boys !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
Tell me about your dream.
Does somebody have a can of air freshener ?.
Theo !.
They 're the same species of curculio.
Stall them !.
Let the Swedish camping season begin !.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
Its body armour is five times more effective than the armour you wear now.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
And onto the plate lovely fish , with rice , onions , lemon , and a green sauce.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
And for 35 years , I used them honestly.
Look at this.
We found the bomb.
Jack Bauer and Ryan Chappelle are on the line -.
The sun is not cold in the winter.
I 've chartered a C-123 out of Shipman to transport the artifacts.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
Welcome to the big leagues , Angel.
Welcome to the big leagues , Angel.
Piper 's club.
I ca n't just pick up and leave and move to Hong Kong for the next six months -.
Sugar 's in the sugar bowl.
Well , maybe you 'd like to see the phase - cannon assembly.
Captain ... I 'm reading bio - signs on the planet.
You see the show ? -.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Quiet , green , gullible.
It is the only way to protect our people.
Harry , you 're under arrest.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
I got a blue Beemer on Morningside.
Just undiscovered science from an American ... named Thomas Edison -.
I left it at school.
If that wizar had been Howl , your heart would have been eaten.
She told me that she is meeting with her youngest sister.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
To answer your question the objection is in writing , signed by a number of members of the House of Representatives , but not by a member of the Senate.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
I like how wine continues to evolve.
The device you 're wearing is hooked into your upper and lower jaws.
It 's a light - keeper 's house.
He wo n't get well if you do n't take care of him.
Come on , pick it up.
Got a beer ?.
Educated at Harvard , Chicago , Oxford or Buenos Aires , their portraits hang in the official galleries.
These are her musical scores.
Sit down , older brother.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
If anyone suspects that I was here , there will be an investigation , and both of us will go to prison.
We ca n't get it open.
He 's got ta be hiding in the underworld.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
You 've already killed over 25 people.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
See , you i did figure for the party line type.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
The chair will only end the game under two conditions : Once you complete the scenario or if you engage the internal fail - safe , - which you 're free to do at any time -.
I found the cipher.
We 're treating him with antibiotics , but he is deteriorating.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
It 's one of Anna 's sketches.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
Long ago this city was a testament to our imagination , our creative spirit , to endless possibility.
It is more than a defence against the Wraith.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
We 'll start the interior construction within the week.
Well , that 's gon na be up to the prosecution , Mr. Kraus.
Love can be cruel -.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
Take back this cow before it does more damage.
The cape has less legs , let 's face it.
The blood moon comes tonight.
Bab'Aziz , I heard a cat.
You dimed me out -.
I looked at this tree and i wondered if that branch had a purpose.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
I wanted to tell you I got your letter.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
I ca n't compete with her.
Your skin is different from I remember.
It 's a miracle.
I do n't want to play.
I saw a dog once.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
Because we really have all of the tools of tolerance and kind of like global understanding and that 's why we , the children , need to be empowered to tell the parents what they need to know to protect all of us , you know , as a whole.
The mirror fell to earth and broke into a million billion pieces.
An old maid ... An old maid ?.
We do n't want it closing as soon as it opens , like Murder In Mayfair.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Put me in a position to bail.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
Baltar ) A Cylon logic bomb.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
I personally escorted the Prime Minister from the cabinet room to his car.
Look at it.
Cup of tea -.
We 've left Gorlan Station and have set a course ... to rendezvous with our assault fleet.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Oh , then it is the Unified Field Theory.
They make boxes.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
Go , ask her if they 're insane.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
You are suggesting we attempt to trigger a subspace connection between the remains of the arm and the rest of the replicators so that we may search for the cipher among their communications data -.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
It was the virus.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
I heard .... I thought I heard .... There was this voice.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
The mountain lion you shot did it have a collar around its neck ?.
Security guard clocked him leaving his office after midnight -.
The case is closed.
I will help you find Barbara Stritzke.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Let her go ! -.
It 's ruined.
My compass is unique ".
Let 's get to the circle.
It should remain literature , not political agitation.
Talked to her before she died -.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
Your wallet.
Tell me about the stone.
Very tough thing to accomplish , by the way.
Look at this bible.
Look at this bible.
Astrid became the mother and sister I 'd lost.
Just concentrate on telling me about this film.
Be kind enough to call upon her , and send to me the bill ?.
Do you need to go to the hospital ? -.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake.
If a frog jumps into a pot of boiling water , it jumps right out again because it senses the danger.
But the very same frog , if it jumps into a pot of lukewarm water that is slowly brought to a boil , will just sit there and it wo n't move.
This place is created by you.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
Unless the cancer goes to your brain.
Back to the barn.
Have you tried turning it off and on again ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
It 's about the doll and the garage door.
This inspection sticker expired yesterday -.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Lincoln ... It was him.
Dropped us off at Pastor Jim 's about three hours away.
The vaccine was in here !.
You can start removing Max 's liver.
It 's headed straight for the planet where we left Beckett and the prisoners.
Let me smell your neck , your breath , your hair ... After that long wait , when I thought I 'd lost you.
You do n't have to make it breakfast.
Pick it up !.
I should have listened to you.
Four years , maybe -.
We have a zero - point module ... which does what we 're attempting on a smaller scale : Extract energy from subspace - time -.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , the right hand diamond is very popular these days.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Fine , but it 's going to make collaboration kind of hard.
It 's the head writer of The Girlie Show , Liz Lemon !.
I was just upset.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
The town gets rid of Jonah Prowse and you get to save face.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
This is Djaq from the Holy Land , Your Majesty.
He has no idea what 's happening in England.
I think it 's better to have someone.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
The last of the ailing souls ... - I told you to shut up !.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
The questions raised in this film are urgent.
Kal - El , save me.
Raja 's going home.
There 's that radar detector he tried to hide under the dash.
The next time Leland left town ?.
I need a lift to Cannes.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
He 's had eight hours of normal monitoring.
Pick ... pick a card.
Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice.
I just got a message from your father saying he 'd refused.
Er ... they were taking a letter up to Breidholt for me.
I do n't like you to hide your face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
You wrote to someone ?.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
You need to come back tomorrow morning , 8 a.m. , when we 're open.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
One month before the armistice , Iraq bombed Tehran every day as if to wipe it off the map.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Julia is safe with our cousins at Richmond.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
You 're about to implement another new strategy regardless of the human cost or the financial cost because you predict ... We thought deeply about the human cost when we planned this strategy.
Just inject the dye.
Darwin says let him die.
YOU KNOW WHAT THE WEIRDEST PART IS ?.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
You 're on with Bill Buchanan , sir.
It 's hitting the planet.
I used to come up here every summer , helping Uncle Harvey run the place.
You were just being nice to Billy -.
Mistress Anne.
It spreads among the poor.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
Wo n't the Germans execute workers at Aker ?.
Gregg was testing treatments For a charcot - Wilbrand syndrome , Which means ... um , I , uh , I ca n't dream.
Order , Detective.
I 'm a leg doctor.
I know it may seem strange that I have feelings for an octopus monster from another universe.
The formula must be destroyed.
I 'm working with the home secretary , and we 're doing a background check on Hannah Cleary.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
He was a hero ".
It ca n't be bargained with.
Someone staying in the loft ?.
You ca n't be serious.
Sit down.
Women have feelings about these women because men do.
The laundry is out of the hamper.
He 's got two offshore bank accounts on a Sheriff 's salary.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
His ghost appeared every night in the lab.
Hang on a minute.
That plant ? -.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
Partners in crime.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
Listen , you do the creatures , I 'll do the people.
Just do me a favor and go to the hologram room.
It 's attached to a ceiling of intestines and blood vessels.
You 're a security guard.
I 'm not an alien !.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Throw it out the window.
I , uh , ... have to count the atoms at the nuclear plant.
Well , for what it 's worth , the knitting group at St. Alma 's added him to the prayer chain.
This is Time Lord treachery -.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
You match the fingers to the victims yet ?.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
I misinterpreted the rules -.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
You want me to call for an evidence truck to come down here ?.
Talk to John Henry.
In the near future , a computer system called Skynet takes over the world.
We climb inside the van.
Assassin , this is Godfather.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Maybe I should take him.
You ca n't inject a Federal Officer with sedatives , steal government property , and then escape from protective custody , and then ask to be not treated like a criminal.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
Who says they were n't haunted this whole time ?.
Politics is the art of the possible.
I wanted to help you.
Apparently high - society formals do n't go with the whole Brooklyn artist thing.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
INSURGENTS WOULD HAVE USED AK-47 WITH 7.62 AMMO -- HAS MORE OF A " CRACK ".
OF YOUR NOVEMBER DOWNTOWN * I BOUGHT A PLANT.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
Joy is not acceptable.
Are we the bait , or is Grievous the bait ?.
Not long after the war broke out , he was accused of treason.
We have a girl named sienna burke over there.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
It was Dad 's.
You invaded our airspace.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The 3,000 manatees left in Florida are one of the last surviving sirenian tribes in the world.
In a hostage situation , any idiot can steal a gun and start shooting.
We have a subpoena for jack bauer.
They 've detected another firewall breach.
The lab found Godshaw 's DNA on it.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
I see this liquor store across the street.
Dear Casey , it has fallen upon you to finish what began in Auschwitz.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
Will you marry me ?.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
I fixed the garage door -.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
I 'm being rehabilitated.
Do n't talk anymore.
I 'll replace it.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
You could ask for the truth.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
I thought Mom would apologize for what she 'd said.
Have you got the I5 software , Ianto ?.
They are servants of Sauron , and he seeks the Ring of Barahir.
We were trying to stop the traffic in Russian dolphins , and it involved a hunger strike.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
He knows the location of the Ring ?.
This body appeared in Red Valley , New Mexico , in 1999.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
The door is locked , Michael.
E island is a mysterious place.
He killed Abin Sur ?.
Lady mary -.
Since I 'm an admirer of Ingmar Bergman I 've recently seen one of his classic movies : There 's a very disturbing sequence where one of the actresses mutilates her sex with fragments of glass and then she shows it to her husband saying " no " to him.
Game over.
I 'm in the middle of something -.
but the soul ascends to a higher level Heinrich such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
You have a car repair kit ?.
I do n't want to wait to find out.
Antihistamines as well.
And he keeps wanting me to take photos of us on my phone.
After James Dean died , his mechanic bought the wreckage and he fixed it up.
I think my arm is broken.
You did this , the three of you !.
It 's a bio - chip.
Let me try to shut down the program.
Man , I 'd like to see her face , too.
Imagine that each letter had a number in this alphabet.
The liver started to degrade.
I 've been working on my new song.
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
You 're making me wonder if this pizza is worth the 22 - hour drive.
To those who know how to use it , the crystal holds great knowledge.
On the chair.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I 'm sick of doctors.
Then the cancer vanished.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
He 's the prophet that predicted the annihilation of the earth ".
Shaw , the storage yard is halfway across town.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Kyo is a half - breed.
Iori , you have to learn how to trust me.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
It is submitted , Your Honor.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
Lift him up.
The anchors of the show are difficult and semi - talented -.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
You must join the FLN.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
That gun 's dangerous.
I 'm an actress.
It is also the diminutive of Maximus.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
The speech is gon na be epic.
Funnily enough , I was thinking about him on the way down.
Ask a cat if tripe should be taxable.
Uh , this is oceanic airlines calling To inform you that we 've , um , We 've located your missing cargo.
You have n't killed me.
Uncopyable.
Look at the tag.
He gave me the specs , I made the device , I put it in a basement at the epic hotel.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
He manipulates.
So those stars there go to France and become French.
Somewhere.
Call me.
The rabbit ... No can do.
O that I had a fit companion to beguile the tedious hours.
Excuse me , Your Grace , are you suggesting we oppose the war on humanitarian grounds ?.
Three years is a long time.
The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i 've got an insurance policy that 's gon na keep that from happening.
I 'm surprised it took this memo to get that train out of the station.
I 'll fuck up my car.
And we can not simply award this deviant path by allowing them the sacred sacrament of marriage.
but you wo n't [.
The soap is old - style.
They 're calling this operation olive branch.
I ca n't use it to get you out of the valley.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
Chelsea , you 're really freaking me out here.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Get him out of here.
Anna , please see that Lady Mary is fully equipped to go hunting.
And she agreed to build him a bomb.
The dog is gone.
Since a spot opened up at billingsley academy.
If you two would like to take a seat , I will let mr.
The city is ... Do not enter the city.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
He 's in Lawson 's Field.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
We found something to save Krusty !.
We found the container.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
The service road from the south is the likeliest entry point.
Break it down.
Good night , Stefan -.
I know that you need it.
I got a chubby man with a gray beard making a call , Michael.
The result was the global recession ... which costs the world tens of trillions of dollars ... rendered 30 millions people unemployed ... and doubled the national debt of the US.
They shot him.
Take his weapon.
Honey was considered so sacred as a gift from the bees.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
She seems to like him.
So far , both of them have denied the charges , though neither of them denies the many illicit meetings they had on the backstairs and in the Queen 's stool closet during Your Majesty 's last progress.
I 'm all over it.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
He found a trace of semen inside the victim 's vagina and a finger print which he missed out in his initial autopsy.
Grubbs is on tour , right ?.
I thought he 'd pick you -.
Here , the line across the man 's eyes , it 's the Chinese number one.
G.D. Was the last place hit.
I 'll try not to disappoint you.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
Say hello to the brand - new Italian reading lamp that you 've always wanted.
They picked up chatter regarding Royce 's summit tomorrow in DC.
Hooman has a crayon.
And if I go and live with grandpa in washington , I could end up like you.
Five minutes with you and the pope would find a reason.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Come with us , quickly.
Probably looking for safe harbor.
Did you see the driver ?.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
Kick the dog.
This is just a fact - finding mission.
My name is Thomas K. Rhumor , and I have proof that Truxton Spangler is manipulating intelligence at the American Policy Institute.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
Um ... 11 of these men paroled in the early nineties have the exact same last known address.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I was in a situation , gallivanting through the forest.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
Here 's who you drew into this , Perseus.
So ... I just wanted to clear the air.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Argentinian ship the General Belgrano and her escorts are pursuing ... course 273 degrees toward the Argentinian mainland.
This tiger wants a bed.
There 's only five in the entire world.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It 's okay , the saw has a safety device.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
Look at me.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
This is real , the cold.
-It has gone to hunt ?.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
Make it come back.
There 's no sign of a driver.
Afghanistan.
Anger is n't the answer.
It 's called Jaws.
Do n't even try to tell me you 're on an emergency ibuprofen run.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
Talk to me in Japanese.
It slithers across the floor.
It slithers across the floor.
I mean , she was n't young , but still ... Thank you for telling me , Denise.
I found this fuckin ' doll on the bed again.
Please bring Miss Lane 's car inside and repair any damage from the flight.
The world is a beautiful place.
The Grand Canyon.
I do n't really wanna talk about her.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
The mainframe is inaccessible.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
Ryan , you do have a soul -.
I 'd like to see the fortress.
He had a gun.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
Many believe the seed of a Gaul to rival that of Jupiter himself.
Turn blind eye towards the murder of his father ? !.
Elian is an angry child , but he would not do this.
No one will care if they go missing , plus they 're neck - deep in debt.
You may now say what you really think of Zoey.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
Gloria Patri ... You will fight like dogs over this corpse I leave for this throne of St. Peter 's.
Steady on.
Trying to talk her into the idea of Sir Richard.
To sabotage the reactor at the Concordia site.
Protocol for a cleaner in a foreign theater is to establish a storage space.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
There 's a rugby match in Sauvadieu.
The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
Harry 's code.
I could 've sold this shack ....
I could 've sold this shack ... It 's Mom 's.
The worm !.
No one 's ever been to the moon.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
Or a full - time valet -.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
And the guy would like the option to literally get down on his knees and beg her to give him a second chance.
-l'm getting married.
Turn it off.
It is , and all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.
Okay , okay , so there 's this guy in a wheelchair , and he goes to this alien planet to join a program ... So you pick a dragon and get to keep it forever ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
We 've been tracking a computer super virus named the " Omen ".
It says she was tear - gassed and possibly beaten.
I could n't save you.
There 's too much blood.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
When a new Pope has been chosen ... and the bells of St. Peter 's chime he is shown into a small chamber next to the Sistine Chapel.
Gun , knife , beaten to death ?.
That said , I do know a 3 - year - old boy that once met a friendly apparition named Leverett Saltonstall -.
This is how I get to put Greendale on the map.
You should n't laugh.
Find owen.
I have a favor to ask you.
Daddy , I ca n't live with her anymore.
To enter into their game.
At Chasseloup - Laubat College yesterday , Gen. de Lattre , France 's High Commissioner to Indochina , spoke confidently to Vietnamese students.
I baked this cake for you.
Find someone else , Matrakçı.
I wo n't take too much of your money.
Returning is not a skill it is a necessity , İbrahim.
This baby is fully equipped.
He 's got me confused with someone else.
Our world is not more transparent now.
Give me my sword and I 'll leave this place.
My logo was an eye that was watching over the neighborhood.
You tried to hang me with your belt !.
Reminds me of one that belonged to my mother.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
Give Dad a kiss ?.
But then , then I saw the moon.
But then , then I saw the moon.
Look at this.
Noel.
If every infected person fed on or infected the rest of the people , the entire population would 've eaten itself off the planet long before Christ was even born.
One day , I took the quail from its cage.
You reinstate me as Head of Nuclear Research , so I can finish building my bomb.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
It 's in a jar.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Do you have my ring ?.
It was a couple of hours after the sun went down.
It 's a gaming laptop.
There is nothing evil about wanting more.
Case solved.
You need to go.
The fever returns ?.
The movie , the wine , no coasters.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
Now , give up the free will.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
Oh , there 's some sort of crosstalk interference.
They 're here ... The aliens.
Ji Ben , let me see your tongue.
But manhood is melted into curtsies , valor into compliment , and men are only turned into tongues , and trim ones too.
These are both for the same woman ?.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
If you did , you would have done it 28 years ago , when I brought you here.
Finally , pile all of the red bell pepper strips together ... Mom !.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
It ran off.
You 're getting rid of it ?.
Travis is dead -.
About the sex ... was it normal ?.
Scanner beeps an alert ] Oh , my God , the anomaly , it opened.
While working at his firm , at any time , have you and Will Gardner engaged in a sexual relationship ?.
That move you put on the DB ?.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
This question requires your knowledge of the grand jury investigation.
Kane ultimately finds out about it and kills him for it.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
Division agents only respect what they 've been made to fear.
Huixiang ... Let 's steal a boat and go sailing.
See this -- all this ?.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
Let 's just hope he does n't see this.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
Been in the private sector a little more than four years now.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
He says he has evidence that will stop the sale.
24 - year - old graduate student at NYU.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
You 're his penis doctor ? -.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Bring me the cat.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
The state buys trains from Siemens without the appropriate network to use them.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Just get her out of the barn , it might bring her back to life.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
Full immunity from all charges , both past , present and future -.
24 hours in custody is a long time.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
She can dive right from the gene pool to the cesspool.
You do n't screw this up -.
It can detect grooves and lands on a slug more efficiently than any computer.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
Better take care of your house than painting this old tub.
Did you see it ?.
For example , T99 's " Anasthasia ".
I 'll take you to the hotel , we 'll go get him later.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
That 's not good.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
Okay , kid , I 'm gon na have to walk you through rebooting Jarvis 's speech drive , but not right now.
The planet was Furya.
I have this clock at home that always helps me think.
I 'm just a lowly factory worker.
The river is flooding.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Born of eternal night " the Dark Elves come to steal away the light ".
Born of eternal night " the Dark Elves come to steal away the light ".
The people at the hotel gave us a story about you and another man and her , all sexing together in a pile.
Fifth Brother , tend our father 's wounds.
I fall off the ladder.
Madam Zuleika , or Romany Lee , Gypsy Queen ?.
Bring me some cheese.
Ms. Mochizuki.
Five , ten grand a year , and I 'll set you up with a nice diversified package , low risk , high yield.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
My cock is hard.
Sonnets should be written about how dangerous my cheetah cock is.
I temped on your desk years back , and I thought about telling you , but then you got fired for the masturbation video , and I missed my chance.
I love this place.
I dunno My agent sent it How did he get hold of it ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Adam is great.
You ca nt just barge in on the tour without purchasing a ticket.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I cheated , like you.
So if you agree on a wholesome variety show and all of a sudden it 's filled with satire-- the most threatening humor there is-- you 're worried about people hating what you 're selling.
Be graceful at all times ... Your Highness !.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
Did he kill Norma Rivera ?.
You jack that ring , too ? -.
You still want the cherries jubilee ?.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
She 's not a part of this , so just let her go.
It 's evidence Petrovic killed her.
This is the most exhaustive investigation in Swedish history and the only suspect ... - Is Christer Pettersson -.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
You 're gon na tell me the best pizza 's in New York and I got ta try it , right ?.
My cancer was a death sentence , remember ?.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
This morning I had a dream.
Now , at the hottest part of the day , the very worst time , her chicks are hatching.
The sun has scorched life from the Sahara.
All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field.
Save the rest for divorce court.
Caretaker Bang , former triple jump champion , say that Audun Boysen ate two slices of bread with liver pate , three kelp tablets and a tablespoon of powdered kelp before competitions.
Now ... please join me in honoring her with 60 seconds of absolute silence.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Meanwhile , the State Police are manning the roadblocks.
National service , it has become worthless.
Busted up your ride , racing around town like you got a Mad Tyte JDM ?.
Be quiet !.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
I found a town like the one yesterday.
Your mom really does hate change.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Invisible , but powerful.
Invisible , but powerful.
They wanted to kill Thornhill.
I 'm not that picky.
It 's the military chip they put in her head , it makes her loco , you better watch that.
I 'm not snapping -.
Like a fish.
But it 's alive.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Malibu beach house gets you laid every time.
Look into it and gain your deepest desire.
They would n't even let him see the body.
It is a 400 TwinX. A female.
I packed your suitcase.
Mr. Durant and Senator Metcalf here , they 'll call me a murderer as it suits them.
He was fingerprinted for his security clearance , but he does n't have a DNA sample on file.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
You dropped your gun.
I believe El Cucuy wanders from place to place.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
The bridegroom has got the ring And it 's such a pretty thing He slips it on her finger And the choir begins to sing Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
How many mermaids in a Pod ?.
It 's the hospital 's printer , and ... Which I got for them for my research , for my grant.
I 've seen it turn an SUV into an ice cube.
There 's a price on your head.
The curse was built to be unstoppable.
uh , there was a fire.
You got a bra in my silverware drawer -.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
The prophecy is made - up but it 's also true.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
My family had a little situation , so ... Really ?.
I ca n't do it.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
We grow our own food.
Or I can take 10 years.
I can flip the switches.
He destroys all , but only to start again.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
So just your brother , Molly Hooper and 100 tramps.
The Dr.iver must have diverted the train and then detached the last carriage.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
We 're sold out.
It sent his grandfather mad.
It sent his grandfather mad.
We 're not dead ?.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
Do n't blame me !.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Shut up in your face !.
Told her I 'd spend the night again.
Forgive me , but would n't it be better if the club could be kept out of it ? -.
You broke my arm !.
Never put your keycard with your phone.
That tiger has night vision goggles ?.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
Good.
He used to take them for fun.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
I know four people are dead.
I have a bad connection.
And my personal favorite is the Mauser Elite SSX Double Barrel.
Bye.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's the first Medal of Honor awarded to a Hispanic - American , Corporal Joseph De Castro.
You find a place to live yet ?.
Beijing , China Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
But that 's not for sale.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Or find someone to do it for you.
He 's doing a healing.
But not everyone is a viable candidate.
He went home with some guy last night.
We got out together.
My brother Caleb was here -.
I am a dungeon master.
I spent so many hours playing with this when I was your age.
I believe you have a link to the machine , anthropomorphic delusions aside.
Six months later ... It is a real scam.
Put this on and remove your chain -.
The water 's not deep enough.
I 've got research here , something about a Bible-- the Gutenberg Bible ?.
It 's on a world tour.
It 's on a world tour.
We turn it into food , clothing , shelter , et cetera.
It 's a rabbit.
I am a sexy , heroic firefighter , - and you are a burn victim -.
Tell me who it is I 'm touching.
I converted it , and I live inside.
Was the sex bad ?.
I found your Mustang.
The only way Da Silva sails off into retirement is if the boss dies.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
You 're fired.
- This my dear viewers , is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity for a few minutes uncensored material to see , I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
I would like , that you wake up and change you , Before I tell you what you should do , I give you the facts , And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
You 're a coward.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
Did you have any trouble with Ikeda ? -.
Hear me out.
A Rob Roy.
I heard gunshots.
On our microwave.
Oh , I got that strap - on in Zanzibar in the 19th century.
Mr. Roscoe Pelfrey ?.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
Look up her internet searches.
A submarine went down ... the Belomorsk.
Look at this polish.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
Lily ends up with the gun , shoots that person , and he or she runs away.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
This is super awkward ".
Um , and by the time I was getting up , he was already coming through the door.
I believe you love your country.
Anger Management 2x53 - Charlie and His Probation Officer 's Daughter - Original air date March 20 , 2014 Did you find the mouse yet ?.
The day of my marriage , a secret contract was slipped in amongst the others.
I 've smoked so much pot , it 's in one of those hospitals learning to walk again.
In seven days , we run out of food.
That pig virus is their extermination plan.
It 's a Ficus benjamina.
Damn it , Ginsberg.
You forgot about Andy already.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
Spare me the suspense and tell me what your " save the day " plan is.
You ever talk to my wife again , I will kill you.
You need to tell people what happened to you.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
The Daleks got here before us.
It has to be.
But he is innocent.
You 'll be on blood thinners for a while , and you 'll follow up with a cardiologist , but you should be fine.
I got out because Re - Kon was high and I did n't like the way he was driving.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
The Espheni are using these roads to haul children to God knows where , which means there 's a damn good chance my daughter 's at the end of the line.
It -- it wants to control all of you.
You may resume your ritual after I speak to Tom Mason about the Beamer.
Bull's - eye , Matt.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
I could n't turn it off.
I have to take you back to Eichen , Lorraine.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
You could 've left him in the building , you know.
Turn it the fuck down , you motherfuckers !.
Made of copper.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
Anthony died protecting me.
Look at it.
Tell me what you 're feeling.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
I shouted " Attack " , and she fell.
His solution was correct.
He 's the machine.
I am not a great writer.
I 've always wanted to be a dad.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
It worked !.
It was time for goodbye.
I set the alarm at your condo , and I gave my keys to your pet - sitter , like you told me.
I do n't have the page !.
♪ This time will be mine ♪ Rocky 's going to love this place.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
Get out of my bank , you beast !.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
Tell me about the droid.
I thought you said the dog was dead.
Why do n't you shake the hand that 's gon na shock the world.
Jeanine murdered an entire faction , Caleb.
Just like a woman to wear jewelry into battle.
Do n't kill me.
Good night , ladies.
Kasser ] Our economic system is one of consumer capitalism , and that 's why the government needs to have consumption at very high levels , um , and why , of course , the corporations do , and why at some level most people then buy into it.
You got ta show them your panties.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
She came here for her sorfs sake -.
She came here for her sorfs sake -.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
The Mosasaurus !.
There 's a western tunnel.
Colombians say ... God made our land so beautiful ... it was unfair to the rest of the world.
Essentia crescat.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
You 're a genius , you shit gold , and Oscars are made of gold.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
You 're never supposed to start an improv with a transaction.
It 's all nasty and bruised up.
Of course , I play Edwina.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
Chuck , did you read this ?.
It 's really exciting to talk to you.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
He 's on vacation.
Lydia 's not gon na have a problem getting into Stanford.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
We 've been pen pals.
Everything is gon na be great.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
France has no further interest.
Everett ... I think it 's time for us to rebuild our family.
You say I fixed it with a gold earring ?.
Nothing to do with me ?.
God you 're beautiful.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
You asked Dave if I had a blue ja ... I saw a blue jacket in the woods with a bloodstain on it.
Smell ?.
Do not be a viper in my bosom.
Do we talk about teacups and time and the rules of disorder ?.
But this city is n't a caterpillar.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Mrs. DiLaurentis saw Spencer in the backyard and told the police ?.
The hurricane turned.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
Take your shot.
Your troops have killed over a dozen Palestinians in house raids -.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
They named the guitar as a murder weapon ?.
I 'm going home , Louis.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
Lucas 's murder did n't buy you any goodwill ?.
You were ... distraught , rightfully , and your brain scans showed abnormalities.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Catherine mentioned the chapel that Father built for you.
Can you tell me where Jim O'Donnell 's office is ?.
I do read Henry 's bible.
The meat 's well cooked.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
My son ! -.
Blow it up !.
And as the ruler of a Protestant country allied with England , she would no longer be a threat to Elizabeth.
Get away from me !.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
Welcome to the family.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
Mr. Zane , you scheduled this hearing.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
You withheld.
The FBI 's always on alert.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
Be careful , Emma.
Fighting dirty is n't me -.
You secure the Stinger so I can set the splint with the broken pieces of Dragonfly One.
She had good style , and I 'm sure that a couple of her dresses are in a closet somewhere.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
In the new year , you will return to your captain , and he will welcome you with open arms , and , detective , you will remember today as your darkest day.
I am a free man now.
Well , the paper is Dutch hemp , and its degradation dates it to the late 1700s.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
It only worships power.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
Before lawyers came along , the word " divorce " did n't even exist in the English language.
It 's gym clothes.
She is a goddess !.
She 's The Machine.
The dealer does n't care , Kripke has no authority over us , and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot.
The world throws wicked punches.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
God be with you and watch over you.
She was complicated.
We 're safe ! '.
I built it for you.
Five minutes ago I was a sea captain.
But Father Miller 's understanding of Christ 's soon return can not be ignored.
I love this sweater.
What 's the number ?.
Get more officers in there now.
Negative entities often feed off emotional distress.
TINA : Was that the Demiguise ?.
We 're never making it to Te Fiti.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
Running a great house in Paris had proved more complicated than I 'd ever imagined.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's a cursed hat -.
Have a seat -.
The cut - off date is the 25th ? -.
I loved him.
Our children of black blood.
Marseille has to move with the times.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used falsified evidence to exonerate a client.
She knows you.
She knows you.
Is it wise to administer a hypertonic saline to a cardiac arrest patient ?.
If it were n't for the Arab , I never would 've forced your father to challenge Kublai in the first place.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
So , my brother took off the leash , and in that instant , the dog spotted a cat.
Stupid.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
I 'm a jewelry designer -.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
There 's a blockade outside of camp , food rationing inside , jail full of Grounders.
Have you ever seen a fairy ?.
I do n't have one.
Goes up , delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit.
That chemical plant ....
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
I can go check the crime scene for any leftover evidence.
Today Palmer Tech is pleased to introduce the Power Cell , a 100 % recyclable battery.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
Those missiles hit , and he 's going to become even stronger , is n't he ?.
Truth be told , it 's not dissimilar to the plan I had for the glades once upon a time , but on a much , much larger scale.
She was wrong.
Just gon na wait for someone to show up order a pizza.
The risk I wo n't take is being overseas if the president dies.
Give me the flashlight.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
You robbed me of her -.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
I let my brother drown so I could save myself.
You actually think that you can beat her.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
The gemstone that I gave you ... pop it right in there.
Mi amor ... There was a tunnel under the barn.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
It 's the WMD team.
I am The Flash.
I 'm sitting at the entrance to the garage when I realize I do n't have my key card.
Welcome to my cabin in the woods.
We ca n't stop Myriad 's signal , but we can piggyback off of it.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
It was the end of last year.
Tell me about the film you saw.
I would 've never let Kip enlist.
I tracked the last package to the Midtown post office it was mailed from.
Watch it on the right -.
Look at the , uh , date on the back -.
Eat me !.
The girl was Kinky Boots.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
I can hear it.
It 's okay.
You know , the surgery went well.
I mean , he died.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
Angie , found the murder weapon.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
It 's cool , it 's cool.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
We need to stop it , or there could be major casualties.
Call him again.
Call him again.
The altar is sacred--.
Who asked you to investigate Touvier ?.
He 's coming.
When I 'm sheriff , the first thing I do is take down that stupid painting in your office -.
I found it among Miss Bai 's things.
You came and begged me for help with a case of demonic possession , and now you got your knickers in a twist 'cause I did n't bring you flowers ?.
James comes from a world where he wants his phone and his camera separate ".
My free will.
My free will.
Cássia , I 'm already fixing the alarm.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
They want to see an end to this war.
With four contenders duking it out for top spot , here 's a fifth to add to the mix.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
In Azeroth ?.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
He fosters dogs.
I dealt with the problem.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Doubt leads to death.
Finally , in the year of our Lord 1802 , he took himself off to Africa.
At the moment , my body is going to the bank.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
And to think all of this came out of your boring little Boy Scout brain.
You were wrong.
We got a letter from Eileen.
Alex ?.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
However ... I found an extraordinarily high level of hyaluronidase in her system -.
You want me to help you rob the most deadly vampire on the planet ?.
Take off your clothes slowly.
You get 503 brake horsepower.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
He said he would hurt me again and again until I gave in to God 's will.
We found Regina Franklin 's parents in Tampa.
I need to find a guy.
It said " dark ".
Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
-A popular Argentinean song.
I was n't armed with a knife , your Honor.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion.
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
Before I get married , I 'm gon na sow a couple of wild oats.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
You lose it ?.
We 'd all enjoy a few words from Mr. Chandler , who will tell us something of Beaugard 's life and work.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
It 's signed " Beaugard ".
It could be spinach.
This painting was n't stolen.
But I got ta kill me a pair of skunks , back apiece on the road to Santa Fe.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
I 've never told Black Elk a lie yet.
Bascom , you tell them pilgrims of yours , there 's 500 miles of desert ahead of us and them that do n't like what 's comin ' to them , now 's the time for 'em to turn back.
Oh , I 'd like to kick him into pulp.
Stop shooting ' , everybody !.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Zeke , wo n't you stay over for the anniversary ?.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
The tractor has arrived , the whole village witnessed it.
Good night.
It 's about me.
I 'm not interested in your affairs.
I 'm not interested in your affairs.
I want to believe you.
Now , listen , Joe.
Happy New Year , boys.
Tony deserved a swell send - off -.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
I bet all this trick furniture set you back plenty , huh ?.
Give it to him , Rico !.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
They can knock it down and turn it on its head ― it always gets back on its feet.
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
Did you write this ? -.
We will be leaving tomorrow evening.
Count Dracula 's just taken Carfax Abbey.
I lay in bed for quite a while , reading.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
This is Professor Van Helsing.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
Sit down.
He said beat it.
At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
At my aunt 's At your aunt 's ?.
She opened her cupboard and gave me a petticoat.
That 's a month apiece [.
Or is it one of Bingy 's snowstorms ? -.
About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
Found no skeletons ? -.
Listen , I was in a place today , and I heard somebody say something -.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
You see , I came home from the dance with it hidden under my wrap ... for fear someone would take it from me.
I wo n't say it.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
After all , there is a war going on.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
And , oh , the things we 'll see together -.
Like to see a ship we were once passengers in ?.
Not a bad thought , eh ?.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Bank 's broke.
Listen , if I get them out of the room , will you tell me ?.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Sing Mother Machree if you want to , but call me up.
Sing Mother Machree if you want to , but call me up.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
-She 's living now with her sister , you know ?.
Want to see it ?.
I 've made friends with her ballet master , Pimenov.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
I think you know what the trustees can do with their suggestions ".
In fact , it needs a nightgown.
Well , take it away and hang it in my bedroom.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
Give me that knife.
I 'll take it.
I 'll take it.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
It was a barometer !.
Just pour in acetic acid.
Dennis is sending me out on my first field trip.
Give it back.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
They tell me O'Hara was killed in his flower shop this morning -.
Cesca !.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
I thought I hated this country.
Old man hyena sounds pretty lively -.
Twenty thousand francs.
I was nowhere near that niche.
I got it in the saddlebag.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
Silence befriending , To aid us conspires Prudence attending , Vengeance inspires - You can remember it ? -.
You 're not gon na forget it ? -.
You do ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
You can come in the back way , no one'll see you.
You 're shooting your own men -.
I 've got some luggage at the station.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe.
Where 's the owner of the bicycle ?.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
It was Kemp.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
The foreigner , he promised 15 thalers for a bed.
There 's friendship for you.
There 's a fire in the lodge ! -.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
I 'll find out.
It 's absurd ! -.
Go and bring one of them in.
And I 'll get out of the box , open the door and let you in.
Oh , is she a dream and you should see that dream walking.
Press the flesh old thing or Cheerio Or say how 's tricks or there a hi - de - ho Wie geitz , my friend Or mazel tov Bon jour or any high hat stuff What a linguist !.
Look at the measurements.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
Are you going to see him ? -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
Do you ... have a knife ?.
There 's an error on the registration form of the man they sent down below.
You can fix it , ca n't you ?.
You are a smartie.
You are a smartie.
This is Jeannette.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
The license plate number is 98 82 RG5.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
See you in a bit.
Nice place.
It was parked at the university.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Throw it down to me , Cheetah.
Answer me honestly , Jane.
Cheetah can show us the way after.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
You 're a fine watchdog.
The mystery 's all gone -.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
And the little friend of Nunheim 's , the frying - pan juggler , there.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
I 'll hold her down and there she 'll be.
Where will she be ?.
Just as in life -.
You 're extremely foolish.
I told Nuttall we 'd get to the boat by midnight.
She swore she wo n't do it again.
Change the boat crews.
This island is n't real for you and me.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
Now , I 'm speaking to you as a sister to a sister.
Do n't open that door before sunrise.
Keep that door locked till dawn.
I 'll give you a 10 - yard start.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
I did n't know you were married -.
Welcome home.
Nickie , I 'm sorry.
This is a new year , the time for resolutions.
It 's his wife.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
You want me to stand out there while Nick might be in trouble ? -.
No pepper -.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
He knew that it had n't been fired.
I had a much nicer voice till I ran a nail through it ... You ran a nail through it !.
Take my offer to your commandant.
Four - and - a - half years of work , madame.
2,200,000 francs.
There 's something wrong with my car.
I 'm getting gooseflesh.
I 'll be through in a second.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Death.
Finest thing we 've heard of in years " ".
They 'll get a legal sentence and a legal death.
They 'll get a legal sentence and a legal death.
I am a citizen of Strand who helped clean up the jail mess.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Bill Chandler.
Take his arm -.
Would you open it for me , honeykins ?.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
They 've even met the woman.
I can explain that thing.
I asked him what he was going to do with the money.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
Grant 's tomb.
Probably as small as Mandrake Falls -.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
Stuff , sir ? -.
Alfie Laurel ".
I got some presents for ya.
Hickok , my friend , speak with straight tongue.
You 'd better take a club sandwich out of this hat.
Miss Carrol , I want to show Mr. Gordon how much you just taught me.
It 's funny how we met , and all that 's happened to us since.
When he took it into his eccentric old head to die last spring he left half of his fortune of nearly a million pounds to the London University for the purposes of entomological research -.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
See the blood oozing through the cut in the glove worn by the murderer Left a distinct mark on the woman 's throat.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
She has some good reason , monsieur -.
He drew nine three times.
Baron de Varville is not a patient man and you 're in the mood to quarrel tonight.
You know her ?.
You know her ?.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
Tell me , who knocked at the door ? -.
We 're a hopelessly happy married couple.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
I do n't remember the name or how we got there -.
Let 's forget it.
If I may say so , sir , my favourite opera is Cavelleria Rusticana.
I should n't mind reading it in a novel.
And I 'm afraid you are a man in love.
And I 'm afraid you are a man in love.
And you 're the wife of a charming and famous man -.
These papers came from Mr Hamilton , sir -.
He said she had blonde hair , blue eyes , my figure and a slight foreign accent.
Are you still harping on that same old string ?.
I would be most honoured , Your Excellency.
I did it for my country.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He says if we do n't let him and Pogey Williams and Alvin Savage ... join the Buffaloes ... - I 'll have to leave school -.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
He can buy more fish than you ever saw.
I read a book on it in Capt.
We 'll save you.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
I know it 's someplace.
Let me look at you , huh ?.
Dr. Hackenbush he 's got apple dumpling.
If Hi Hat wins , we can kiss the sanitarium goodbye.
You see ... we 're digging a tunnel.
I do n't know who will win this war ... The end , whatever it may be , will mean the end of the Rauffensteins and the Boeldieux.
A party three days and three nights ?.
WHISTLE BLOWS ] [ BELL RINGS ] Ward.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
If I wanted to take the title away from you , I would n't spend 50 grand to do it.
At a longest , it 'll be over in an hour.
Postpone the Far East conference.
Chang 's first question was about the pilot.
Mr. Chang , all these things , books , instruments , sculpture were they all brought in over those mountains by porters ?.
I 'd read your books -.
With the same amiability one tolerates only from a very dear and close friend.
I would n't believe it in England.
Think of it -.
We met them here on the train.
Locked !.
Give it all up ?.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Do n't let it out.
Hold it shut -.
Give it to it !.
Give it to it !.
Was it a dragon ?.
Was it a dragon ? -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
Off with its head -.
Off with its head -.
Off with its head -.
Casey , you 're a fool.
Pity ?.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
But since Prince John has seized the regency Guy of Gisbourne and his traitors have murdered and pillaged.
We 'll have to see him through.
Do you want to send a message ? -.
He 's , well , he 's brave and he 's reckless , and yet he 's gentle and kind.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
I 'm too hot -.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
Suppose the cops get hold of this book ? -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
It 's a sedative.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
You said it before.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Because I 'm not a mug.
It 's twice as much as I got.
He deserves it.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
You bought it ?.
It was a free - for - all.
Stop talking and take out the pin.
Maybe for you , but I 've got to get to New York.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
June.
Ever since I came into the house there 's been something wrong -.
I asked you to leave.
I swear , Sorgues said nothing.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
The Seton Concerto in F Major.
Mother had Linda straight off to oblige him.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
Then we 'll drink a toast to Johnny.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
He 'll be up in a minute.
Linda you agree there 's only one thing for me to do now , do n't you ?.
For love , true love , is a very rare and beautiful thing.
I am a man of 58 years and speak from a long experience and observation.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Ever hear of a man and his liquor getting yellow fever ?.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
Armed guards are patrolling the road as far up as Riverview.
Ned Warrington 's got it.
You do n't find that admirable ?.
You swam the bayou ? -.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Where the devil 's Charters ?.
I sell cut - price trinkets.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
Listen.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Taste it.
Did you hear about it , Grandpa ?.
It 's hers.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
It 's in my throat.
It 's in my throat.
Make it frankfurters , and tell Donald to get ... Tell Donald to get a dozen more and an extra can of corn -.
Kind of funny , is n't it ? -.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
Keep it up , kid.
Well , I get crazy when I think there was another guy , maybe , or ... or something , or ... Well ... Let 's skip it , huh ?.
The first time we seen him was in the mess hall.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
That means it was torn off within the last few hours.
This is your responsibility.
Could be the one that was tossed at me.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
I just wanted someone to keep an eye on Nickie -.
A glass of water -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
You found out after the murder that he ditched you for Smitty.
Now , I take out my money.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Get goin' , son.
Do n't let me interfere with your dinner , ma'am.
About the size of a pie -.
No , there 's no future in it ! -.
That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
First sign the receipt -.
I 'll get you something to eat.
He got it from his uncle Admiral Will Hamilton of Savannah who married his cousin Jessica Carroll of Carrolton who was his second cousin and akin to the Wilkeses too.
It 's over !.
I should 've committed robbery to get that tax money for you.
You 're like the thief who is n't sorry he stole but he 's terribly sorry he 's going to jail.
But I will come back.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
Lean forward and go with him.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I wanted you desperately but I did n't think you wanted me.
Give that to me !.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
The window ?.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
Come on get some clothes we 'll find out.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
Tomorrow we will be away from this place.
I am determined to live 100 years and more , if your new elixir does what you promise.
No , I want to talk to you.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
Look to starboard.
And I 'll ride up the capitol steps if I feel like it.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Spray painting , lead painting.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
It has a little knob that you turn -.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
Comrades , once and for all , we are in Moscow.
At least the May Day parade is over.
Do your duty.
Tell us , Ninotchka -.
It may hide in the shadow of a minaret.
Clem came to wish me happiness -.
When Charlotte went West five years ago , it was because of lung trouble , was n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
Let 'em fly -.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
Those pictures of you as a baby -.
But I do not owe her the duty of attendance upon her.
With Baganold 's forces in Ireland , is n't he ?.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
My dear Sir Walter.
Now we must go and talk of Ireland.
You challenge me to go ?.
I beg Your Majesty 's pardon.
You sent for me.
The crowd has invaded the airfield and wants to break through.
He was going to risk his life.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
Try this.
Maybe I 'd better show you how it goes first , and then we can dance together -.
Sue and Little Chief are on the warpath.
I came to see Mr. Big Eagle , but they wo n't let me talk to him -.
Never heard of it.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
We buried the child with his mother.
There 's an established custom in dealing with those matters.
I 'd be friends with the sparrows And the boy who shoots the arrows If I Only Had a Heart Picture me A balcony Above , a voice sings low Wherefore art thou , Romeo ?.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
I think that it that it was n't enough just to want to see Uncle Henry and Auntie Em.
Remember me your old pal , Hunk ?.
A manicurist ?.
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
I 'd be glad to wear it for an evening gown.
Mary , you poor darling , I could die for you.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
It turns into a bathroom.
You start thinking about that $ 25,000 , or even the $ 5,000 ... - Or anything -.
This is my fiancée , Miss Casey.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The dinosaurs were lords of creation for about 200 million years.
A tenderfoot is an easterner.
Might have been a pigeon -.
Joseph Panello.
Dan Wilson ?.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Dan Wilson.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
My wife.
Picking oranges and peaches ? -.
We got bread to make sandwiches.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They know he got hit in the face.
Playing pool tonight , Your Honor ?.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
You know , if you told anybody we 'd been living like this just down the hall for six months , neither one of us ever given the other one a thought , they would n't believe it.
What do we need a State Capital building for ?.
in a dark chamber my heart is awake it sleeps and waits , wondering where the dream may carry it do you hear , my heart ?.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
I write letters for the Scottish crown but I only see the queen 's eyes I only hear the queen 's voice , like a dark melody a new poem , Riccio ?.
fetch him your face looks terrible.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
She wo n't be able to be away from the paper any longer.
It cost me $ 450 to tear it out of Cooley.
You 'll find your money in the wallet.
Look at me , Hildy -.
Get the mayor over here.
You could get the letter.
And she threatens to turn it over to the prosecution.
I had nothing else to do.
It appealed to me.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
Tell him and have done with it.
Well , the principal item is that letter of Leslie 's I mentioned to you.
We can put some of your things in it in case your bag is crowded.
I toy with a sword.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
Sit down.
Mr. Connor , what would you ... ?.
But with a girl of his own , full of warmth for him full of foolish , uncritical affection ... - None of which I 've got -.
And remember , Mike with the rich and mighty ... Do you know what time it is ?.
And some clothes.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
But never in my life not if I live to be 100 , will I forget how you tried to stand me on my feet again today -.
You forget I am out of it.
Liz ... You see , it really was n't Tracy at all , Mr. Kittredge.
The Captain wishes to justify what , in plain words ... is a desire for plunder with no respect for the interests of Spain.
Bring the drinks.
You had a good laugh the other night too , did n't you ?.
Oh , that admiral 's coat.
He 'd kill you inside of six months.
I can buy two dozen of these cigarette boxes at Miklos Brothers.
It 's quite a bit of money.
You 'll have to see me later -.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
You ca n't send it back now.
You owe us 300 bucks and you 're gon na pay us now ! -.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it.
A blind man can not tell truth from false.
Move its legs , or arch its neck ?.
Pull the reins !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
It was in my house you were cared for , to sleep your sleep ... and dream to its end ... your first dream of love.
I want you to run this editorial in a box on the front page.
Charles , even newspapermen have to sleep.
You 're a success.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
It comes from Trinidad.
Give it to me -.
Give it to me -.
Give it to me -.
You must sing for us -.
He 's not to be disturbed -.
Does it have bacon and eggs in it ? -.
It 's only a dud dead -.
Look , it 's full of powder.
Look , it 's full of powder.
You know how he was before he went into Watson 's malady ?.
You 'll never get rich ... I know the song.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
But I have a date with Ginger.
We had to do it.
This is Blue Army , and you 're our prisoners.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Thank you , Dadda.
I have been busy with the union.
To hell with the wrath.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
He wo n't do it.
He wo n't do it.
I think I 'm going to have to tell a coroner to go to blazes , Sid.
He only had a couple hundred when I searched him this afternoon at my office.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
Surely , Mr. Archer was n't as much to you as ... [ Brigid sobs ] Listen.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
I present you with this dangerous weapon , mademoiselle ... with my undying gratitude and admiration.
Africa is one continent I know better than all their invisible men -.
And , uh , Saul , you can instruct her how to deposit it -.
He 'll address it to , uh- to ... your name.
You 're sealed up , as in a grave.
My purpose was to trap you alive.
Have you got a cigarette ? -.
Hand out the document.
Hand out the document.
Hand it out through the venthole.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Good night , David.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
He 's been worrying himself half - crazy over you , Ben.
Tom says I was to give it to you.
I ai n't never gon na believe you again.
Do n't reckon you need to wait for no invitation -.
It 's like a box , and you can hear music and voices coming right out of it.
In the river where we swim.
Elliott 's already sent a runner for some -.
Supper ready ? -.
Supper ready ? -.
Ai n't even had it out of the car.
Hundred dollars for the year.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
As I was coming up the road there I seen a load of cut wood over in that field and I said to myself : " Would n't it be smart if I was to haul that wood to Augusta and sell it ? ".
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Dude boy , Dude.
Say , you wanna buy a brand - new automobile cheap ? -.
You wo n't ever see no poorer farm.
I took an interest in your work -.
To my dear , sweet Sheila ".
To my dear , sweet Sheila ".
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
The son of a gun bit me !.
I think it 's a fine play.
You telling me the truth ?.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
Lorraine , my blossom , I have the most wonderful news for you.
Dear Mr. Whiteside , I 've been trying all day to see you to give you this.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Is it possible that men of your apparent intelligence have not heard of the " Inflato " ?.
Give it another whirl , Ollie.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play it , Sam.
Shut up and go home , will you ?.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
The " wow " finish.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
Come on , let 's get out of this before you catch cold.
We 'll find her.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Be careful it 's my heart ".
Be careful it 's my heart ".
♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ That 's the girl.
Give it all to her and take her anyplace she wants to go.
Keep calm.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
The weak always have the strong to protect them.
Ask no questions.
Roy has n't a car.
He 'd still be alive.
Good night.
Craig , I 've got a favor to ask of you.
You see , he was going to wash it , but ... - Oh , Stanley , it was n't.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
do n't strike my life down twice , dear.
Get up , aunt Fanny ! -.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Gloria ... I wo n't say it again , Gloria.
You wo n't be needing me again , Mr Decrey ? -.
She 'd actually pawned her bracelet for money.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
It 's strange no one went the day the Corsicans kept watch ... as if the blackmailer knew he 'd be caught.
Did you find them ?.
When I was 17 , I came in once after midnight.
Meet me outside ? -.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
We promised to meet Deb for dinner.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
But to build a working model in some field or village somewhere that small planes could actually land on to prove that it was practical , would only cost about $ 99,000.
He just ... $ 700 just like that ?.
The Wienie King ?.
In cash , maybe ?.
My sister and your brother.
My sister and your brother.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
You know about Gerry 's decision ?.
That night I took you to Pittsburgh 's party I wanted us to prove something for keeps.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
Sam feels it 's too risky taking you.
He 'll be so happy.
I ca n't believe it.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
Industrial Prince of England ... " " ' Mr. Charles Rainier " '.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
Would it be too incredible ? -.
Social secretary ? -.
I guess we can find a cranny somewhere for you.
He 's singing to you , Lumpy.
I knew her.
Bolt the faceplate home.
Ken saw him too !.
I got caught in this storm.
Get all the things together.
You think they got the place spotted ?.
Now , if you 'll give me your address in New York , Miss Martin , we can contact you back there.
You see , I work in a store downtown.
He dismantled his bomb sight and packed the units in four of the boxes.
Dr. Tobel has disappeared.
Look after him will you Hoffner ?.
Nobody is gon na call me a Nazi and get away with it.
Withdraw material from elsewhere ?.
I just cashed out.
My uncle must have signed it.
Take it off.
Beet soup with sour cream.
As soon as I finish my course in American cooking ....
With an egg in it.
Listen , you blow your horn at 7 tonight right outside , sonny.
Bracken 's alive.
Tell your pals we 're here to trap lions.
Did you tell that fellow to walk out of my soliloquy ?.
Did you tell that fellow to walk out of my soliloquy ?.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Oliver and Kate are badly mauled.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
Get the spectrum slide of wolf 's hair out of my case while I mount this.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
In Miss Helga 's room -.
That book telling the history of the family had a hint in it.
That book telling the history of the family had a hint in it.
See , Tess is my wife.
I have n't seen the doctor -.
I have n't seen the doctor -.
If you wish your new estate to be touched with lasting beauty cherish those gracious visions of your first love.
Hand it over.
We can keep her under control.
Take a look at them , Uncle Sam.
They pet the Devil ! -.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
I gave up that world.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He had some money in the bank , and he would n't draw it out.
Just sit over there.
Tanks , artillery , troops , all must come over this bridge.
He catches rabbits.
Primitivo , climb up that rock as high as you can.
Have you been through before ? -.
When I stirred up the fire for coffee , I found it -.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Die if you must , for a cause that 's just .. but shout to the end : ' No Surrender '.
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Morning , Mother -.
Insulin produces a state of coma.
You do n't believe in it ?.
You do n't believe in it ?.
He 's even used a copy of the Daily Planet.
If you 're on this frame , it 'll be a case of murder.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
Waco , get some cans and some ropes from the tank.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
The battalion will follow in an hour.
You got a job.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
Suppose we send those two Germans to tell them there 's plenty of water here.
Just give us our orders.
I like to travel.
Drink all you can find !.
Drink all you can find !.
I think tunes jump from head to head.
Did you ever see a house made out of newspapers ?.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
But you had to speak them when you 're brother Geoffrey took over.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
Who first shall find it were better dead Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
Her mind.
I 'll kiss the book on it.
She must have changed her mind.
Here lies the body of Ralph Musgrave , knight , the lord of the manors of Hurlstone ".
It 's a burial crypt.
Stay where you are.
But it was n't easy to let you take my gun away from me without seeming to hand it to you.
Obviously Watson , one of 'em died before passing on the meaning of the ritual to his heir.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
Or to tell us they know that Sherlock Holmes is on the case.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
Now would you just give me the address where you want it sent ?.
Interesting piece.
Look at that tree.
Look at that tree.
And as I found life at your breast he 'll find life at mine.
And as I found life at your breast he 'll find life at mine.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
Ratty old chair , ai n't it ?.
British Museum will still be there (.
Oh , you should n't Why not , the man you sent me to advanced me five hundred pounds on my worthless policy and all I could think of was you.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
He 's onto us , Norman.
Cigarette ?.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
Keep out of this !.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
Judge Cullman ?.
He does n't live with us.
You have the word of the President of the United States.
I hate cops.
Maybe we 'd better go to your house , huh ?.
I ca n't read it.
I was getting it ready to send to Washington.
Because , properly detonated , it would blow up this entire city.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
Out in the car.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
The last to arrive on the glorious battlefield of Shiloh and the first to leave it ! -.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
Indian !.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
What killed my son ?.
It 's a germ.
You should be a very distinguished- looking man 10 years from now.
You think you 're such a hot potato as a Claims Manager ... such a wolf on a phony claim.
You said it was n't suicide.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
Until he can take the train.
We were at Lake Arrowhead.
X is equal to negative P half plus or minus the root of P half in square minus Q the tangent one half ( Alpha plus Beta ) ... If the cocoa is not sweet enough for you ... It 's fine , it 's fine.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
The whole thing is alive with happiness.
There is an attic under the roof.
It belonged to my mother , and before that to her mother ... and now it belongs to you.
Please see that he has plenty of coal on the fire in his room.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
The little picture has been taken down.
The little picture has been taken down.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
I 'm very sorry , but I 'm afraid my wife 's illness has returned -.
The gas just went down -.
But he was here.
I saw him.
Look into my eyes.
Get it and cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
Get it and cut me free.
I can never find them.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
It 's not charity.
It 's a loan.
He was n't interested.
Would n't even look at it.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
You see , it 's not just the type of song that a guy would ... Pardon me , Father , that a gentleman ... would croon to his babe , if you know what I mean.
Father O'Dowd and I thought , with your permission , we 'd play golf tomorrow.
Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
" Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
You do love him.
Yesterday morning , after Laura 's body was found , I was questioned by Sergeants McAvity and Schultz , and I stated , " On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
This is Lieutenant McPherson.
Laura , take a look at this.
Shelby and I are going to be married next week.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Waldo heard Shelby running from the next room so he hid in the stairway outside.
Mrs Porter lent you her coat to help keep you warm.
I 'm a great believer in science.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
Since the Prague Conservatory was unable to take him in , Lisinski took lessons at professor Pitsch 's famous organ school.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Stanley , we 've got to uphold the rights of human beings.
Get the meat -.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
Leave it alone.
And now , gentlemen and Christopher if I may trouble you to climb out on the ledge outside this window.
I have him under lock and key.
Reach into the inside pocket of that coat that you 're about to throw aside.
On the contrary , I 'm afraid the greatest harm has been done.
They arrested the housekeeper.
Extraordinary thing.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
You 'll find more chance at finding the clue you 're looking for in the china cause there is much more china.
Borgia Pearl ... Here we are , sir.
Attend to the gentleman , Miss Benzenger.
He 's addressing a meeting of the Royal Canadian Occult Society at a Quebec hotel.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
I 'm quite sure that Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in the village the size of La Morte Rouge.
I 'm sure Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in a village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Now if we can find the missing half ... notice the discoloration of the torn edge , faded signature , the upper half was torn off some time within the last year I should say.
I do n't like him -.
The tickets in his wallet show he was to leave Martinique at daylight.
Would you like to hear them ?.
A guy goes out and breaks his neck to ... I might have expected it.
Get over by his head.
Be a good boy -.
But blowing up a bridge , killing a whole trainload of Germans , that counts.
Your records are old.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
Tell them he 's coming.
Let 's get out of here.
Did you hear a shot ? -.
Nick.
Cut it out , will you ?.
I found her on the floor.
Peter Berton painted it.
Peter Berton painted it.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
Mrs. Charles , where is your husband ? -.
Are you telling me that there pretty lady is a skunk ?.
Some friend of this belly - bustin ' gunman , I take it.
The money.
Now they got a " corpus delict " -.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
No mortal cold , Sally.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
By the end of this evening , I shall be just as credulous as any of you.
I remember the date , because it was Peter 's birthday '.
Just a little birthday present.
I told you it sounded silly.
But lately , however hard I try , it does n't change anymore.
Good morning , Miss Walsh I beg your pardon , Mrs Cortland.
Ever since Mr Craig arrived , you 've been asking me to produce scientific explanations like rabbits out of a hat.
Hear that , Nathalie ?.
On credit ? -.
I bumped into a man carrying some baskets a little while ago.
I remember having gone out last evening ... and then nothing more until I found myself a while ago over in Fulham.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It 's I , George.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
Send for a cab , will you ?.
There 's a deep bruise on her throat.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It acted like a thuggee cord.
I open next week.
Try it once.
Netta , it is n't a waltz.
It belongs to the concerto.
Listen.
Play it.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Netta 's marrying me next week.
It 's obvious my dear Watson , since Mr. Davis was not at dinner , Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
Oh but Mr. Holmes , there 's no need for you to stay at the inn.
Do n't you worry Mr. Alastair , we 'll soon have him in jail before he can kill anyone else.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
No fingerprints were listed under the name of Francisco Ruiez.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
-We found the typewriter and checks.
Every person who entered or left the store was being photographed by FBI agents from an office directly across the street.
Stay there while he puts it into code.
On second thought , it wo n't be flattery.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
This is the tastiest sandwich I 've ever eaten -.
Come here and sit down.
Look at me.
This is Ruth Berent.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
You ever lie in your bed , looking at the window ?.
The checks must 've gotten mixed up -.
You had another bottle.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
Wait till you 're a sophomore.
For three years , they could n't talk me out of you.
Stop lying to me.
Get rid of it that way.
Relax and have a glass of sherry.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
Pick out something you like , and I 'll play it for you.
Da da da da , da da da da Oh.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
Now he 's looking for new buttons to push.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
With a man who pushes you around the way I would n't push a cat around.
Are you blind ?.
Hello , Lazy Legs.
I 'm sorry you have to go ... Bye - bye , Dear -.
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ....
He could borrow dough , or have it stashed away ... - Or even steal it -.
Look , I want you to get all that 's coming to you , Mr. Higgins.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
You know Adele ... What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
Here 's 140 dollars that was taken out of her pocketbook.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
But it does n't happen like that , in a day.
I felt it this afternoon.
Go on and try to recall the details.
Angel Valley.
Chew these sulfur pills.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
You 'll find it.
You see this book ?.
Are n't we dressing for dinner at your mother 's house tonight ? -.
Go and consolidate your position.
Patrick Jamieson , ma'am -.
Since I told you , I 've been thinking all sorts of things.
It is selfish.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Let 's try the oxygen valve.
Kitty , I would n't dream of it , it looks such fun.
Never use drugs.
Very curious.
That window in the empty house across the street , first floor front.
Waters of forgetfulness.
Go out onto the terrace.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
Monsieur Duclois.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
It 's belle ! -.
I 'm going to be married.
Tell me , are you a musician ? -.
I saw it when you came in.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
Karel 's life has been a tragic one.
Oh , I was a jealous fool.
He broke it.
Frankie Olins had it.
He took it from a shiny red bank truck two days before Christmas.
Your dingy , gloomy office in that dingy , dirty street , the rotten smell from the factory chimneys pressing down on the shabby little houses ?.
Come on and help me with the box , Benny -.
Lloyd , where are you , you fool ?.
Lloyd , where are you , you fool ?.
Come and dig it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Get off it !.
Get off !.
Get off !.
It 's mine , I found it !.
I 'm a collector you know and a collector buys but never sells.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
Here , play the song for me , will you , the way it 's written -.
We now have two thirds of a message.
Women and gambling do n't mix ".
The answer is no -.
Johnny will take you to the party.
The plane leaves at two o'clock.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
Uncle Billy , telephone -.
No charge.
Look at this.
This is a pickle , George.
If you close your doors before 6:00 p.m. , you will never reopen.
I ca n't think anymore , George.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Said he died.
We call that wind the Santa Ana.
I got them washed for free [.
Were you ? -.
I ... Never turn down a good offer.
Can you go through with it ? -.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
I tried , but nobody could have stopped you.
We ... We took a life , did n't we , Frank ?.
You ca n't live without money.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
I have n't had a drink since that night in the rue de Lappe.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
I 'm lunching with a duke on Sunday and I 've told my doctor he must put me to rights by then at all costs.
Look at me , Larry.
Called the Cellar.
You 're going to be pretty sleepy this afternoon.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
Kendall does n't work out of the missing persons bureau , you know -.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
The docs patched me up -.
You wo n't get the money !.
You wo n't get the money !.
Bring them right in there , Mr Peabody.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
Mr Potter asked me to deliver this -.
Was the key ever out of your possession ?.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
Make her give it to me , Mr. West.
Let me take off my bags -.
It 's a 500 ?.
Take it.
The Ace of Clubs.
You believe in Santa Claus ?.
One con 's gon na buy his way out.
Honey , make a wish.
We sent some men out in a boat.
The plan 's a flop.
Came home and landed at Sanlúcar just two days ago -.
Have the boy bring my animal too -.
Take the ring back -.
Where 's the lock to this chest ? -.
You may think that anyone can lay a hot iron on an open wound.
But , sir , those ships are our only means of communication and — and retreat.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
The cops may be on their way right now ! -.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
I perfected my own special technique 12 years ago ... before I was kicked out of the Medical Association.
Used it in the last war.
It 's time for the bandages to come off.
I think I even like you better.
Tell me or I 'll shoot it out of you -.
You told yourself you were rid of me and nobody else could have me.
I was up for the Navy cross.
What I mean is , they look like they 've been pierced for earrings.
May he rot and swell and split himself inside out.
Liebling , you are my man.
Tonight would you be entertaining the chief of police ... these Nazi party officials and elite guard officers ... if you were n't forced to ? -.
I can say goodbye to a lot , and quickly.
Do n't scratch it out.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Everyone knows it 's been signed over to me.
A problem with the engine ? -.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
I interviewed him for my paper , The Real France.
It 's perfectly safe tonight.
You have a job.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
I 'm worried about the deed to this house.
Just remember , I 've got a 3 o'clock train to meet.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
You 're really fond of sam and selina hall.
I wo n't again.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
Have you read the morning paper ? -.
A very old oldie.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's a dinghy.
There it is.
We met before.
At the Charity Ball ?.
Live a little , man.
I do n't feel it.
Who gets the bone ? -.
I only steal cocktail napkins.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
She is n't wearing it anymore -.
Mr. Bannister tells me you once killed a man.
I 'm very interested in murders.
I 'm very interested in murders.
He was a Franco spy.
Of money ?.
He talked about suicide.
You ca n't escape it or fight it.
He wo n't be murdered until tonight.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
Shoot ! -.
Sit down.
My love ... - Look at my neck.
Katya , you have a Russian soul !.
And if you returned , you know you would always go again.
Without you , I would n't be alive anyway.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She asked me to thank Your Majesty for the bridal bouquet.
And now let us proceed to a luncheon we have prepared for you.
They were the last two buildings in Berlin to surrender.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
I was washing my hands when he asked me to give it to you.
Sergeant , you a judge of whiskey ?.
Sergeant Major O'Rourke , you will pardon me for speaking bluntly.
Thou know'st ' tis common.
Did you not speak to it ? -.
And fixed his eyes upon you ? -.
This skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty year -.
Hurry up , Bruno.
Hurry up , Bruno.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
Have n't I repeatedly told you not to cut up the paper until I 've read it ?.
Not a bad - looking house.
You buy it with your heart , not your head.
Muriel and I have found what I 'm not ashamed to call our dream house.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
I think you 'd better get in touch with Mr. Apollonio.
A simple bathroom , 8 by 10 by 8 with grade - A fixtures will cost around $ 1300.
Three weeks now at $ 4.50 a foot -.
Gussie , I spend eight hours every day trying to cram this stuff down the throats of millions.
Now , the kitchen 's to be white -.
Not a cold , antiseptic , hospital white -.
Mr. Blandings , there 's a matter of $ 12.36.
Take it on , Gumbo.
Take it on , Gumbo.
He 's diabolically clever.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
Get away , Matt.
See , he thought I was one of a bunch-- Hold it.
I heard it.
We did do it in daytime.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
It 's not locked.
Brandon , we 've got to hide it -.
Answer it.
Mattie got us a house in Gusherton all right.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I guess Alvin wo n't get his sweater for Christmas.
To arrive in Paris on one day and be killed on the next.
Give me that ring -.
It was renounced by its owner quite some years ago.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
Take it your way.
Do you believe what the old man ... who was doing all the talking at the Oso Negro ... said the other night ... about gold changing a man 's soul so that he ai n't the same kind of a guy ... that he was before finding it ?.
Look , Curt , there 's a vein of it , here , in this rock.
Not much different from sand -.
Open the sluice gate.
Brace yourself.
Off our claim.
Sam has never forgiven the.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
He could hear it , and he could feel it.
This heat of Rome oppresses me.
Think of this , a sword is like a bird.
Remember , I 'm not in the same league with you , financially.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
MacRoberts ? -.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
And we have to save the professor in spite of himself.
It was a stroll through a thousand memories.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
His Excellency , the ambassador from the court of France -.
It does bring out the colour in your beautiful , big , brown eyes.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Ariane ?.
Get down to the mill !.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Grisha !.
It 's a Mauser.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
Mother - in - law will just marry earlier.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
All I 've got ta do is find my lipstick.
It is known as " dissociative reaction ".
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
Then I have to remove the detonator.
I think I 've found a name for it.
So that if it can die , it will.
-I ca n't get the car started.
Religion is love.
I 'll not fight like a gladiator !.
Obey your rectoress in all things.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
The dark cloud.
The dark cloud.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS THE MIDDLE GROUND BETWEEN LIGHT AND SHADOW.
WELL , IT 'S J UST LIKE M IN E..
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
The thunderstorms in Switzerland ... - Did you like it there otherwise ?.
Your next stop , the twilight zone.
I was given a pearl necklace.
It 's a bit far , but I must ask you to accompany me to Gojiin - gawara.
See , I 'm due back by five and ... - A jeep like this might come in handy -.
Venice was so good to award me an honorary research project : Reconstruction of political murders from the 14th century.
She was different.
Did you deserve to be sent an angel ?.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
And just as Antony had foretold the forces of Octavian came to meet them on the spot where they landed.
Be happy ".
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
Upstairs , end of the hall.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
Tomorrow at dawn , the flying circus of my personal pilot , Miss Pussy Galore , will spray it into the atmosphere.
I wore the mask to scare you away from him.
Relics of a by - gone age.
We have to start from scratch.
I have to send you off to your flea- bitten war.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
The point is , the Foreign Office believe the police.
Captain , if your crew saw you carry me here ... My crew is sworn to secrecy.
You think it 's more of a young person 's art.
At the first opportunity buy two or three branded whiskey bottles.
You just want me to have this flower ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
How would you like to go to sleep and wake up in a new world ?.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
I 've seen old photographs of this period.
He never had a chance to fire.
I could go to my old teacher Makino ... he 's the only honest man i know.
You can always fall back on the firing squad.
I was acquainting you with the fact of a murder that my brother , Lord Henry Beverton , and Doctor Adams planned to commit.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
Turn it on.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
If nobody claims it , you can keep it.
It 'll knock him unconscious.
That parrot is definitely deceased.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
The safe is for official business only.
As it was addressed to you , sir , I thought you might like to have it.
At the zoo.
At the zoo.
They know about you on the ground.
They know about you on the ground.
It kept licking at a dead man 's face.
Sergeant , get back down to the main gate and get a three - tonner here for wounded -.
Tell me , do you know someone called Rosemochronos ... ? -.
So he suffers more If we kill them all now he 'll have a bad time once then get over it Alright then So let 's start with this one God , it 's dumb It 's dead.
Well , he 's pining for the fjords.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
You see , Harold , I feel that much of the world 's sorrow comes from people who are this ... yet , allow themselves to be treated as that.
And I say the richest citizen of Appleby has to do his duty.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
You hate it , but I love it.
Stop , you 're on the serial number.
Follow the trolley bus.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it 's dead !.
A coffin fell on me -.
The camera is up high.
We 've also developed a tomato Which can eject itself when an accident is imminent.
Come on , slanty man.
Yet the body dies.
I need the magic.
Must be in the fuel line.
I found a lid.
The original driving license.
Stay back from the train till it stops.
Baptist ?.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
To get rid of it.
The mythical island.
Lucita and I have broken all the rules.
You 'd have bled to death by then.
A better breed could prosper here , given time.
12,000 feet.
You got 12 other guys in this town you could use.
Look at that coat.
Try it.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
When we break free , we will be thrown approximately 5.698 light - years.
The church is empty.
Morning , Fawlty -.
Would you like to go for an ice cream ?.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
They kick you out after 22 years , they ought to have a brass band.
The soul is sick and tired Of its too solid shell , With ears , mouth , eyes The size of a nickel coin And skin all scarred and diced , Spread over a skeleton.
Your skin , it is so beautiful.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
You 're supposed to be up here by now.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
But Kuramochi , if it exploded in a crowded area , it would kill thousands more people.
Bastard !.
I 'm sorry about that , Miss Henderson , but ... Listen , we 'll be back next week with another vital question for our panel : " Do attack dogs make good house pets ? ".
Would you take a look at this tomato ?.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
I 've found an apartment.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
After you leave the temple , you must teach this Fist set ... to Yan Yongchuen.
We organised a surprise for Etienne.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
Hilary 's papa was in our diplomatic service in London.
I 'm moving in with you -.
I 'm moving in with you -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
The rest of my division arrives with the second drop and General Sosabowski 's Polish brigade with the third.
Did Father Merrin ever name the demon ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
It 's two wine to one water still.
Good idea.
It 's a huge snake with red scales.
Oh , the publisher ... I do n't know if he 's a publisher , but he 's definitely rich ... - Well , those lucky publishers ! -.
They tell of survivors who escaped in ships.
Our recorded history tells us that we descended ... from a mother civilization ... a race that went out into space to establish colonies.
Your friend Geiger gave you a key.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
Frank , this is Dr. Forest -.
He does n't have to.
Got the river.
I 'll go tell my dad No one 's told me about it.
Hyzenthlay can run.
YOU MISSED YOUR CALLING.
Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle.
Tulse Luper said , if in need , I should play this map like a blank in a card game.
Get her up , get her up ! (.
Ash , can you hear me ? (.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Does the world really exist ?.
Does the world really exist ?.
we 've seen it.
He think he 's a pilot , still fighting the war.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
Like clash of swords Waves dashing on the shore Summoned by the drums to fight My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
We know Mama 's sewing machine.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
I read the file -.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
Drive the car ! -.
Mr. Hunter , this is only ... I 've got 2.6 million dollars worth of gems arriving ' tomorrow.
They found Rambo 's body.
Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
The Pink Panther is in my safe at ... Your Highness , please.
I saw it with my own eyes going out of the window.
I do n't have to fight with you.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
I think Mandelstam will have a heart attack.
Vicki , can I help you with that Kool - Aid ?.
Find out where Largo 's boat is at the moment.
The effects are indistinguishable from the American medium - yield bomb.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
Gus has just come back from the second trip in space.
Sometimes I think we 're all gon na get electrocuted.
This corn is raw !.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
Steven will stop you at the door.
Please forgive me , but my life is in danger too.
And Louis himself McCarthy is drivin '.
But when we came home , the car was in the driveway and the hood was up ... but the work was n't completed.
Meet the ball -.
I was Buzz Blade , Mrs. King.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
They say I have to rewrite the opera.
You 're his father.
I 'm eastbound in pursuit of a white Lamborghini.
A storm is coming.
I did n't make any modifications.
The vacuum cleaner 's under the bed.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
At the Rexford Palms Hotel , apparently , flat on my back.
The safe was peeled.
I did n't see the skateboard.
Billy red - lined that vial through analysis -.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
What 's the name of the piece at the back of the knee ? -.
The testicles were boiled in soy sauce and the vagina has just a blood sauce.
And then destroyed the evidence , because he was gon na turn it over to the I.R.S. Ca n't you people make up your minds ?.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Clever , huh ?.
Set the V - gain to filter RF ambient.
Check on Gorman , continue my analysis.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
A fly got into the transmitter pod with me that first time when I was alone.
We need to dig a huge reservoir ... and channel rainwater from the whole hillside.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
I 'm Michelle Wilson.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
The guys with dark glasses kidnapped you ?.
But it 's only 95 calories.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
It 's dormant.
It 's dormant -.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
Does Al have a sock drawer ?.
He killed our dog !.
Take it , it 's yours.
Only maintenance you 'll ever have is to wash it down twice a year with a hose.
Your grandfather heard me and in a rage rushed into his room and came out with the wing of the Korê.
Writing home.
It 's not that dangerous when it bites , but it will poke.
He 's forgotten everything.
He was with a nun.
You may ask any questions you wish.
Not on your ring finger.
I just ca n't wait to talk to that cemetery custodian.
Do you think you 've stumbled on another murder , " Monsieur " Poirot ?.
Something to do with roses ?.
Something to do with roses ?.
All the free food you can eat.
We had a little accident.
No , you have to work the clay.
In Paris , Monsieur.
It was a puzzle box.
Here 's a happy donor.
Must repair wiring to memory.
I could use a love potion on her !.
Give me that dust of broken heart.
We 're going to find her.
Give me a vision that I may know the truth I seek.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
It 's in this apple.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
It was that he gets engaged to return marrying , if that responds to his question.
To Pipe it knew it in India.
I saw the lights of this house in the darkness and I just kept on running , until I got here.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
Jean - Luc Picard , Captain of the Enterprise.
I 've inhibited almost all activity in the neocortex.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me -.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
Kitzmiller.
I understand that you are in charge of the remains from the night of the massacre ?.
It was empty.
It was logged in as a B file.
Down by the river.
I 'd say this an evil ghost The odor is very strong It 's back !.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
You know , Hastings , the worst kind of fanatic , is the quiet unobtrusive fanatic.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
I have no desire to remain here.
Look around.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
My brother gave it to me before he went to jail.
Dumb.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
Did you read her letter ?.
Even your Aunt Hedwig.
I wanna give you something.
The car 's gone.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
Bitter Flats is part of the reservation.
In my country , shoe salesmen are laughed at by beggars and the feeble.
Notice the perfection of the line , and rhythm of movement : " of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
She has a small son of her own.
Take it without anyone seeing you.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
See , I was at a ... - ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Come by before you go home for Christmas.
This box does n't exist.
I 'll put it to you in plain English.
For if the head is man 's noblest appendage - it is the most unpleasant part of a trout.
Well , then , we 'll do this song.
We could steal a newspaper and use their TV section.
Tell your friends.
It ca n't handle the interface of your converter.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
In the meantime , take us out of range.
She has the right to leave.
I hope Cmdr La Forge and Capt Picard agree.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
I came up the island to look for a new horse.
It 's a long shot , but it 's ... Well , it 's legal.
Ignore your psychic abilities.
Had a sister who went to England 20 years ago , a brother who died in 1987 -.
The door was unlocked.
Easy does it.
You need n't be alarmed.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
We 're going to see the gators , girls.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The first is the staff a symbol of strength , yet flexibility.
The dragon has a wing.
When thou dost ask me blessing I 'll kneel down and ask of thee forgiveness so we 'll live and pray and sing and tell old tales and take upon us the mystery of things as if we were God 's spies.
It was no ordinary hit - and - run.
It 's already passed your doorstep.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
Commander , can I talk to you ? -.
I 'm willing to forget what happened back there , and take you with me.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Boost the confinement beam , please.
Baltimore PD checked out Tooms 's apartment.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
The rain stung my eyes like a thousand bees !.
I want to get rid of him.
The car !.
If I know her as well as I think I do , she 'll invite us in for tea and strumpets.
He was coughing most of the night , sir.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
Death sets in after ... uh ... 7 minutes.
My father left me a hunting book.
I hit the baby !.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
I have few days left to me , but I will watch him until the end.
Even before that , as a youngster , I used to build model cranes.
You know , like taking me to the opera , the ballet , the theater.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
See , Superman saved me from this building the sound guy blew up and even though I 'm not a reporter I thought I 'd write down a few paragraphs , show the chief but I can finish it someplace else.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
There 's not gon na be a commercial -.
They crashed in the Andaman Sea off Burma [.
I 'm through !.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
FORD : It 's a nuclear captor mine.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
Get your hand off that.
The object could have been dangerous.
The man there says he has Molor 's head in a box.
I took care of your grandmother 's house.
We could charge big fines for trespassing or for spitting on the street.
Throw it !.
Her name 's Rosanna.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
I 've got news from the US G Control Center.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
I 've just had a vacation with Len Bateson.
This is unbelievable !.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
STAR Labs has a subzero chamber there.
Sonya 's gon na kill me -.
There 's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream -.
So far , our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe , each on a progressively narrower band.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
You asked for them during your worst fevers.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
You stole the X-5 unit.
Die ! -.
Just put it down and I wo n't have to kill you.
You let it out , but you let it out at a pace the world can absorb.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
She looks for me at the library.
Mary , you 'll find an eel in the fish pantry.
No one knows who fed you this information.
I do n't like cats , but when my dog died , he gave me a cat.
It 's the famous Krupp 88.
This rock is limestone.
I 'm not trying to create a market.
You , who knew what was coming , but refused to take up the burden of this war.
I 've given them the island of Celini.
The electro - whip is set to give an increasing level of pain each time it is used.
The Babylon Project was our last , best hope for peace.
Kudos on that hat joke.
You lock it up.
Can you tell me the significance of that line ?.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
I believed in it so much I had to lead a double life.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
Here 's the location of the real bomb.
Beep Lois and Clark to meet me at the house they went to this morning.
It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
Nice.
Nice.
It 's a work of art.
Look at the size of it !.
Take my own mezuza in that tree of yours up there.
Good.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Remember me with this.
When I was a child , I would come to this park and play.
You must learn to control it.
The missile 's fully programmed.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
Stuck in a nowhere job.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
Your " gift " gave you a nervous breakdown.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
One child is dead.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
I need you to contact the Council of Ministers.
Maestro , your prince is going to come after us.
I wo n't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Sometimes she 's in a Borg vessel running ... or hiding behind a bulkhead , falling down a shaft.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
The Goa'uld has won.
Scully 's voice ) In med school , ... --I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced,"- _ .a dark stranger who takes up residence , ... _ .turning its new home against itself This is the evil of cancen " _.
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
He looks like a fucking loser.
And her horse fell ... and Judith 's foot was caught in the stirrup.
I tried to grab her reins and ... to get her horse to move out of the way.
Begging your pardon , my lady , but that mirror in your bedchamber did you move it ? -.
Do you admit that on the night of May 1st ... you did willfully and consciously apply ... the following forbidden paint colors ... to the north wall of the Pleasantville police station ... red , pink , vermilion , puce , chartreuse ... umber , blue , aqua , oxblood , green , peach , crimson ... yellow , olive , and magenta ?.
Magic is n't just spells and potions.
Copy it and send it for me.
Carbon - based elements in the fossils ... exist only in the Magellanic galaxy.
Only in bed (.
He has heard your music and it is good.
I need to talk with you -.
The man was a cheat -.
I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure ".
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Meet me in my quarters in one hour.
I have n't been able to give it time because we 're up to our ears looking for the hit man after Garibaldi and there 's less than eight hours until the ceremony.
The willow is deceptively strong.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
But the case I 'm about to describe is so horrific , it should never be discussed outside this room.
- You do n't pay soldiers to do their duty.
Bajor will be reborn.
I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless.
What 's amazing to me is that someone 100 , 000 years ago was harvesting microsingularities.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
It 's just an organic one.
Get in the car , Scully.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
It 's the question that drives us , Neo.
It was a dream.
Find the chopper ? -.
I said " buy " too many times , right ?.
Asses of Fire is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Louhela , take the girls with the wounded to Lieksa.
There are no secrets at the countryside.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
Call me crazy but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project an image of success at all times.
-Hanne ... -What is it ?.
Look at my nose.
You measured it in meters ?.
Casey is doing well.
The car gave up the ghost.
Place me on your heart like a seal , like a signet ring on your hand.
Be sure about yourself be fore you blame others.
I went on the mission-- the one my mom told me about , the Borg sphere-- but it did n't work.
Somehow the beginning of the spell must 've been triggered.
We 're in control here.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
Wanna go into your party ?.
The Link is part of what we are.
He claims you called for him -.
Allow me to repair your program.
You 've deactivated your com system ?.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
Jack , he disabled the DHD and Sam said we ca n't fly that ship all the way home.
It 's an implant.
I could eat a whore.
Sean will be suspicious if I turn up and say " Honey , I 'm home ! " -.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
To make a new life.
It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded.
After the bath , you 'll be calmer.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
The board meets once or twice a week , and we take up important issues -.
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to spot a clinker like this.
He 's done a rally driving course.
We 've got sandy beaches.
Listen.
It was going black.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
I am not your hero , your great guy.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Have some foie - gras , Lover.
10 bullets were recovered at the scene , but one was never found.
Now we 're soul mates.
Get it out of here.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I ca n't levitate when I want to , I ca n't premonition ... - Guys ! -.
The probe 's impulse thrusters are starting to fail.
Come back with me to Voyager.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
Be careful , both of you.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
It will drown !.
It will drown !.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
We 're getting help from Dad 's best man ?.
The crystal thrives on the collective emotions of all who came before us.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
The knight Gregoire de Fronsac and his companion Mani ... were neither hunters , nor were they soldiers.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
Get back , son , you 're going to lose a limb now [.
is that , you know , that , kind of " deserty , " " underground monstery " ?.
He 's Ml6 's man in Hong Kong.
The fish from one of those very rivers of yours , eh , Captain Hastings ?.
-A thousand years , maybe.
Stop their war.
I put it back on the Internet and I was amazed at the number of people that picked it up and started using it.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Director : Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
That 's our task in the Rekill Research Laboratory , the former college of art for women.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
We 're losing main power.
You have to help me.
The op - ed page is sad.
It 's not very mouth - like -.
The key still wo n't go into you.
Look , if you have a medical question , I 'm forced by hospital policy to answer you.
Maria has ten dicks -.
He works for you.
I even built a model of the probe.
I thought you removed all her cybernetic systems.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
She spent two years working on the gate prior to her five years of service at the SGC.
Gettin ' a little dirty for you , Maybourne ?.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
And knowledge of our systems.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
Been shut down for years.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
YOU ... YOU TOOK AWAY MY SON.
You take care of this car ?.
THE N2 K 'S AN EXTREMELY EFFICIENT MACHINE.
Jack Barnes.
Just thought I 'd call and get some more info.
Are you in possession of my microfilm ? -.
It 's too late.
I solved the code.
Now apologize for your mistake and tell me ... When do I get to go ?.
That particular item is not for sale.
I want to restart my career.
I 'll stop you on the road to the land of the dead.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But ... I 'm a fallen woman.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
This safehouse has saved me before.
The sex was polite.
I had this enormous crush on Madelyn Pruitt.
It 's a time of magic , all right.
He can hurt me ... without his head exploding.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
Okay , somebody 's been watching way too much Discovery Channel.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
Well , just take it back.
Let me ask you a question , Doc , just out of curiosity.
They brought the weapons online right when we needed them.
Well , good new is , who better to save a Leviathan than us , huh ?.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Find the problem , and fix it.
I wrote a song about the experience.
lt 's been non - stop.
You think the blast caused them ?.
There is n't always a way out -.
It takes guts wearing a pink shirt on the BPD Homicide unit.
And she is the go - get - shit - done piece.
There was no call.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Pour it into them , boys !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
Tell me about your dream.
Does somebody have a can of air freshener ?.
Theo !.
They 're the same species of curculio.
Stall them !.
Let the Swedish camping season begin !.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
Its body armour is five times more effective than the armour you wear now.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
And onto the plate lovely fish , with rice , onions , lemon , and a green sauce.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
And for 35 years , I used them honestly.
Look at this.
We found the bomb.
Jack Bauer and Ryan Chappelle are on the line -.
The sun is not cold in the winter.
I 've chartered a C-123 out of Shipman to transport the artifacts.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
Welcome to the big leagues , Angel.
Welcome to the big leagues , Angel.
Piper 's club.
I ca n't just pick up and leave and move to Hong Kong for the next six months -.
Sugar 's in the sugar bowl.
Well , maybe you 'd like to see the phase - cannon assembly.
Captain ... I 'm reading bio - signs on the planet.
You see the show ? -.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Quiet , green , gullible.
It is the only way to protect our people.
Harry , you 're under arrest.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
I got a blue Beemer on Morningside.
Just undiscovered science from an American ... named Thomas Edison -.
I left it at school.
If that wizar had been Howl , your heart would have been eaten.
She told me that she is meeting with her youngest sister.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
To answer your question the objection is in writing , signed by a number of members of the House of Representatives , but not by a member of the Senate.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
I like how wine continues to evolve.
The device you 're wearing is hooked into your upper and lower jaws.
It 's a light - keeper 's house.
He wo n't get well if you do n't take care of him.
Come on , pick it up.
Got a beer ?.
Educated at Harvard , Chicago , Oxford or Buenos Aires , their portraits hang in the official galleries.
These are her musical scores.
Sit down , older brother.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
If anyone suspects that I was here , there will be an investigation , and both of us will go to prison.
We ca n't get it open.
He 's got ta be hiding in the underworld.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
You 've already killed over 25 people.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
See , you i did figure for the party line type.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
The chair will only end the game under two conditions : Once you complete the scenario or if you engage the internal fail - safe , - which you 're free to do at any time -.
I found the cipher.
We 're treating him with antibiotics , but he is deteriorating.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
It 's one of Anna 's sketches.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
Long ago this city was a testament to our imagination , our creative spirit , to endless possibility.
It is more than a defence against the Wraith.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
We 'll start the interior construction within the week.
Well , that 's gon na be up to the prosecution , Mr. Kraus.
Love can be cruel -.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
Take back this cow before it does more damage.
The cape has less legs , let 's face it.
The blood moon comes tonight.
Bab'Aziz , I heard a cat.
You dimed me out -.
I looked at this tree and i wondered if that branch had a purpose.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
I wanted to tell you I got your letter.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
I ca n't compete with her.
Your skin is different from I remember.
It 's a miracle.
I do n't want to play.
I saw a dog once.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
Because we really have all of the tools of tolerance and kind of like global understanding and that 's why we , the children , need to be empowered to tell the parents what they need to know to protect all of us , you know , as a whole.
The mirror fell to earth and broke into a million billion pieces.
An old maid ... An old maid ?.
We do n't want it closing as soon as it opens , like Murder In Mayfair.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Put me in a position to bail.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
Baltar ) A Cylon logic bomb.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
I personally escorted the Prime Minister from the cabinet room to his car.
Look at it.
Cup of tea -.
We 've left Gorlan Station and have set a course ... to rendezvous with our assault fleet.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Oh , then it is the Unified Field Theory.
They make boxes.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
Go , ask her if they 're insane.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
You are suggesting we attempt to trigger a subspace connection between the remains of the arm and the rest of the replicators so that we may search for the cipher among their communications data -.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
It was the virus.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
I heard .... I thought I heard .... There was this voice.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
The mountain lion you shot did it have a collar around its neck ?.
Security guard clocked him leaving his office after midnight -.
The case is closed.
I will help you find Barbara Stritzke.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Let her go ! -.
It 's ruined.
My compass is unique ".
Let 's get to the circle.
It should remain literature , not political agitation.
Talked to her before she died -.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
Your wallet.
Tell me about the stone.
Very tough thing to accomplish , by the way.
Look at this bible.
Look at this bible.
Astrid became the mother and sister I 'd lost.
Just concentrate on telling me about this film.
Be kind enough to call upon her , and send to me the bill ?.
Do you need to go to the hospital ? -.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake.
If a frog jumps into a pot of boiling water , it jumps right out again because it senses the danger.
But the very same frog , if it jumps into a pot of lukewarm water that is slowly brought to a boil , will just sit there and it wo n't move.
This place is created by you.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
Unless the cancer goes to your brain.
Back to the barn.
Have you tried turning it off and on again ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
It 's about the doll and the garage door.
This inspection sticker expired yesterday -.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Lincoln ... It was him.
Dropped us off at Pastor Jim 's about three hours away.
The vaccine was in here !.
You can start removing Max 's liver.
It 's headed straight for the planet where we left Beckett and the prisoners.
Let me smell your neck , your breath , your hair ... After that long wait , when I thought I 'd lost you.
You do n't have to make it breakfast.
Pick it up !.
I should have listened to you.
Four years , maybe -.
We have a zero - point module ... which does what we 're attempting on a smaller scale : Extract energy from subspace - time -.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , the right hand diamond is very popular these days.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Fine , but it 's going to make collaboration kind of hard.
It 's the head writer of The Girlie Show , Liz Lemon !.
I was just upset.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
The town gets rid of Jonah Prowse and you get to save face.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
This is Djaq from the Holy Land , Your Majesty.
He has no idea what 's happening in England.
I think it 's better to have someone.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
The last of the ailing souls ... - I told you to shut up !.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
The questions raised in this film are urgent.
Kal - El , save me.
Raja 's going home.
There 's that radar detector he tried to hide under the dash.
The next time Leland left town ?.
I need a lift to Cannes.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
He 's had eight hours of normal monitoring.
Pick ... pick a card.
Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice.
I just got a message from your father saying he 'd refused.
Er ... they were taking a letter up to Breidholt for me.
I do n't like you to hide your face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
You wrote to someone ?.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
You need to come back tomorrow morning , 8 a.m. , when we 're open.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
One month before the armistice , Iraq bombed Tehran every day as if to wipe it off the map.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Julia is safe with our cousins at Richmond.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
You 're about to implement another new strategy regardless of the human cost or the financial cost because you predict ... We thought deeply about the human cost when we planned this strategy.
Just inject the dye.
Darwin says let him die.
YOU KNOW WHAT THE WEIRDEST PART IS ?.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
You 're on with Bill Buchanan , sir.
It 's hitting the planet.
I used to come up here every summer , helping Uncle Harvey run the place.
You were just being nice to Billy -.
Mistress Anne.
It spreads among the poor.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
Wo n't the Germans execute workers at Aker ?.
Gregg was testing treatments For a charcot - Wilbrand syndrome , Which means ... um , I , uh , I ca n't dream.
Order , Detective.
I 'm a leg doctor.
I know it may seem strange that I have feelings for an octopus monster from another universe.
The formula must be destroyed.
I 'm working with the home secretary , and we 're doing a background check on Hannah Cleary.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
He was a hero ".
It ca n't be bargained with.
Someone staying in the loft ?.
You ca n't be serious.
Sit down.
Women have feelings about these women because men do.
The laundry is out of the hamper.
He 's got two offshore bank accounts on a Sheriff 's salary.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
His ghost appeared every night in the lab.
Hang on a minute.
That plant ? -.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
Partners in crime.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
Listen , you do the creatures , I 'll do the people.
Just do me a favor and go to the hologram room.
It 's attached to a ceiling of intestines and blood vessels.
You 're a security guard.
I 'm not an alien !.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Throw it out the window.
I , uh , ... have to count the atoms at the nuclear plant.
Well , for what it 's worth , the knitting group at St. Alma 's added him to the prayer chain.
This is Time Lord treachery -.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
You match the fingers to the victims yet ?.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
I misinterpreted the rules -.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
You want me to call for an evidence truck to come down here ?.
Talk to John Henry.
In the near future , a computer system called Skynet takes over the world.
We climb inside the van.
Assassin , this is Godfather.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Maybe I should take him.
You ca n't inject a Federal Officer with sedatives , steal government property , and then escape from protective custody , and then ask to be not treated like a criminal.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
Who says they were n't haunted this whole time ?.
Politics is the art of the possible.
I wanted to help you.
Apparently high - society formals do n't go with the whole Brooklyn artist thing.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
INSURGENTS WOULD HAVE USED AK-47 WITH 7.62 AMMO -- HAS MORE OF A " CRACK ".
OF YOUR NOVEMBER DOWNTOWN * I BOUGHT A PLANT.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
Joy is not acceptable.
Are we the bait , or is Grievous the bait ?.
Not long after the war broke out , he was accused of treason.
We have a girl named sienna burke over there.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
It was Dad 's.
You invaded our airspace.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The 3,000 manatees left in Florida are one of the last surviving sirenian tribes in the world.
In a hostage situation , any idiot can steal a gun and start shooting.
We have a subpoena for jack bauer.
They 've detected another firewall breach.
The lab found Godshaw 's DNA on it.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
I see this liquor store across the street.
Dear Casey , it has fallen upon you to finish what began in Auschwitz.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
Will you marry me ?.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
I fixed the garage door -.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
I 'm being rehabilitated.
Do n't talk anymore.
I 'll replace it.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
You could ask for the truth.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
I thought Mom would apologize for what she 'd said.
Have you got the I5 software , Ianto ?.
They are servants of Sauron , and he seeks the Ring of Barahir.
We were trying to stop the traffic in Russian dolphins , and it involved a hunger strike.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
He knows the location of the Ring ?.
This body appeared in Red Valley , New Mexico , in 1999.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
The door is locked , Michael.
E island is a mysterious place.
He killed Abin Sur ?.
Lady mary -.
Since I 'm an admirer of Ingmar Bergman I 've recently seen one of his classic movies : There 's a very disturbing sequence where one of the actresses mutilates her sex with fragments of glass and then she shows it to her husband saying " no " to him.
Game over.
I 'm in the middle of something -.
but the soul ascends to a higher level Heinrich such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
You have a car repair kit ?.
I do n't want to wait to find out.
Antihistamines as well.
And he keeps wanting me to take photos of us on my phone.
After James Dean died , his mechanic bought the wreckage and he fixed it up.
I think my arm is broken.
You did this , the three of you !.
It 's a bio - chip.
Let me try to shut down the program.
Man , I 'd like to see her face , too.
Imagine that each letter had a number in this alphabet.
The liver started to degrade.
I 've been working on my new song.
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
You 're making me wonder if this pizza is worth the 22 - hour drive.
To those who know how to use it , the crystal holds great knowledge.
On the chair.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I 'm sick of doctors.
Then the cancer vanished.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
He 's the prophet that predicted the annihilation of the earth ".
Shaw , the storage yard is halfway across town.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Kyo is a half - breed.
Iori , you have to learn how to trust me.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
It is submitted , Your Honor.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
Lift him up.
The anchors of the show are difficult and semi - talented -.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
You must join the FLN.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
That gun 's dangerous.
I 'm an actress.
It is also the diminutive of Maximus.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
The speech is gon na be epic.
Funnily enough , I was thinking about him on the way down.
Ask a cat if tripe should be taxable.
Uh , this is oceanic airlines calling To inform you that we 've , um , We 've located your missing cargo.
You have n't killed me.
Uncopyable.
Look at the tag.
He gave me the specs , I made the device , I put it in a basement at the epic hotel.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
He manipulates.
So those stars there go to France and become French.
Somewhere.
Call me.
The rabbit ... No can do.
O that I had a fit companion to beguile the tedious hours.
Excuse me , Your Grace , are you suggesting we oppose the war on humanitarian grounds ?.
Three years is a long time.
The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i 've got an insurance policy that 's gon na keep that from happening.
I 'm surprised it took this memo to get that train out of the station.
I 'll fuck up my car.
And we can not simply award this deviant path by allowing them the sacred sacrament of marriage.
but you wo n't [.
The soap is old - style.
They 're calling this operation olive branch.
I ca n't use it to get you out of the valley.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
Chelsea , you 're really freaking me out here.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Get him out of here.
Anna , please see that Lady Mary is fully equipped to go hunting.
And she agreed to build him a bomb.
The dog is gone.
Since a spot opened up at billingsley academy.
If you two would like to take a seat , I will let mr.
The city is ... Do not enter the city.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
He 's in Lawson 's Field.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
We found something to save Krusty !.
We found the container.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
The service road from the south is the likeliest entry point.
Break it down.
Good night , Stefan -.
I know that you need it.
I got a chubby man with a gray beard making a call , Michael.
The result was the global recession ... which costs the world tens of trillions of dollars ... rendered 30 millions people unemployed ... and doubled the national debt of the US.
They shot him.
Take his weapon.
Honey was considered so sacred as a gift from the bees.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
She seems to like him.
So far , both of them have denied the charges , though neither of them denies the many illicit meetings they had on the backstairs and in the Queen 's stool closet during Your Majesty 's last progress.
I 'm all over it.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
He found a trace of semen inside the victim 's vagina and a finger print which he missed out in his initial autopsy.
Grubbs is on tour , right ?.
I thought he 'd pick you -.
Here , the line across the man 's eyes , it 's the Chinese number one.
G.D. Was the last place hit.
I 'll try not to disappoint you.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
Say hello to the brand - new Italian reading lamp that you 've always wanted.
They picked up chatter regarding Royce 's summit tomorrow in DC.
Hooman has a crayon.
And if I go and live with grandpa in washington , I could end up like you.
Five minutes with you and the pope would find a reason.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Come with us , quickly.
Probably looking for safe harbor.
Did you see the driver ?.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
Kick the dog.
This is just a fact - finding mission.
My name is Thomas K. Rhumor , and I have proof that Truxton Spangler is manipulating intelligence at the American Policy Institute.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
Um ... 11 of these men paroled in the early nineties have the exact same last known address.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I was in a situation , gallivanting through the forest.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
Here 's who you drew into this , Perseus.
So ... I just wanted to clear the air.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Argentinian ship the General Belgrano and her escorts are pursuing ... course 273 degrees toward the Argentinian mainland.
This tiger wants a bed.
There 's only five in the entire world.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It 's okay , the saw has a safety device.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
Look at me.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
This is real , the cold.
-It has gone to hunt ?.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
Make it come back.
There 's no sign of a driver.
Afghanistan.
Anger is n't the answer.
It 's called Jaws.
Do n't even try to tell me you 're on an emergency ibuprofen run.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
Talk to me in Japanese.
It slithers across the floor.
It slithers across the floor.
I mean , she was n't young , but still ... Thank you for telling me , Denise.
I found this fuckin ' doll on the bed again.
Please bring Miss Lane 's car inside and repair any damage from the flight.
The world is a beautiful place.
The Grand Canyon.
I do n't really wanna talk about her.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
The mainframe is inaccessible.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
Ryan , you do have a soul -.
I 'd like to see the fortress.
He had a gun.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
Many believe the seed of a Gaul to rival that of Jupiter himself.
Turn blind eye towards the murder of his father ? !.
Elian is an angry child , but he would not do this.
No one will care if they go missing , plus they 're neck - deep in debt.
You may now say what you really think of Zoey.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
Gloria Patri ... You will fight like dogs over this corpse I leave for this throne of St. Peter 's.
Steady on.
Trying to talk her into the idea of Sir Richard.
To sabotage the reactor at the Concordia site.
Protocol for a cleaner in a foreign theater is to establish a storage space.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
There 's a rugby match in Sauvadieu.
The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
Harry 's code.
I could 've sold this shack ....
I could 've sold this shack ... It 's Mom 's.
The worm !.
No one 's ever been to the moon.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
Or a full - time valet -.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
And the guy would like the option to literally get down on his knees and beg her to give him a second chance.
-l'm getting married.
Turn it off.
It is , and all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.
Okay , okay , so there 's this guy in a wheelchair , and he goes to this alien planet to join a program ... So you pick a dragon and get to keep it forever ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
We 've been tracking a computer super virus named the " Omen ".
It says she was tear - gassed and possibly beaten.
I could n't save you.
There 's too much blood.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
When a new Pope has been chosen ... and the bells of St. Peter 's chime he is shown into a small chamber next to the Sistine Chapel.
Gun , knife , beaten to death ?.
That said , I do know a 3 - year - old boy that once met a friendly apparition named Leverett Saltonstall -.
This is how I get to put Greendale on the map.
You should n't laugh.
Find owen.
I have a favor to ask you.
Daddy , I ca n't live with her anymore.
To enter into their game.
At Chasseloup - Laubat College yesterday , Gen. de Lattre , France 's High Commissioner to Indochina , spoke confidently to Vietnamese students.
I baked this cake for you.
Find someone else , Matrakçı.
I wo n't take too much of your money.
Returning is not a skill it is a necessity , İbrahim.
This baby is fully equipped.
He 's got me confused with someone else.
Our world is not more transparent now.
Give me my sword and I 'll leave this place.
My logo was an eye that was watching over the neighborhood.
You tried to hang me with your belt !.
Reminds me of one that belonged to my mother.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
Give Dad a kiss ?.
But then , then I saw the moon.
But then , then I saw the moon.
Look at this.
Noel.
If every infected person fed on or infected the rest of the people , the entire population would 've eaten itself off the planet long before Christ was even born.
One day , I took the quail from its cage.
You reinstate me as Head of Nuclear Research , so I can finish building my bomb.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
It 's in a jar.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Do you have my ring ?.
It was a couple of hours after the sun went down.
It 's a gaming laptop.
There is nothing evil about wanting more.
Case solved.
You need to go.
The fever returns ?.
The movie , the wine , no coasters.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
Now , give up the free will.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
Oh , there 's some sort of crosstalk interference.
They 're here ... The aliens.
Ji Ben , let me see your tongue.
But manhood is melted into curtsies , valor into compliment , and men are only turned into tongues , and trim ones too.
These are both for the same woman ?.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
If you did , you would have done it 28 years ago , when I brought you here.
Finally , pile all of the red bell pepper strips together ... Mom !.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
It ran off.
You 're getting rid of it ?.
Travis is dead -.
About the sex ... was it normal ?.
Scanner beeps an alert ] Oh , my God , the anomaly , it opened.
While working at his firm , at any time , have you and Will Gardner engaged in a sexual relationship ?.
That move you put on the DB ?.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
This question requires your knowledge of the grand jury investigation.
Kane ultimately finds out about it and kills him for it.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
Division agents only respect what they 've been made to fear.
Huixiang ... Let 's steal a boat and go sailing.
See this -- all this ?.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
Let 's just hope he does n't see this.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
Been in the private sector a little more than four years now.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
He says he has evidence that will stop the sale.
24 - year - old graduate student at NYU.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
You 're his penis doctor ? -.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Bring me the cat.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
The state buys trains from Siemens without the appropriate network to use them.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Just get her out of the barn , it might bring her back to life.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
Full immunity from all charges , both past , present and future -.
24 hours in custody is a long time.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
She can dive right from the gene pool to the cesspool.
You do n't screw this up -.
It can detect grooves and lands on a slug more efficiently than any computer.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
Better take care of your house than painting this old tub.
Did you see it ?.
For example , T99 's " Anasthasia ".
I 'll take you to the hotel , we 'll go get him later.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
That 's not good.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
Okay , kid , I 'm gon na have to walk you through rebooting Jarvis 's speech drive , but not right now.
The planet was Furya.
I have this clock at home that always helps me think.
I 'm just a lowly factory worker.
The river is flooding.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Born of eternal night " the Dark Elves come to steal away the light ".
Born of eternal night " the Dark Elves come to steal away the light ".
The people at the hotel gave us a story about you and another man and her , all sexing together in a pile.
Fifth Brother , tend our father 's wounds.
I fall off the ladder.
Madam Zuleika , or Romany Lee , Gypsy Queen ?.
Bring me some cheese.
Ms. Mochizuki.
Five , ten grand a year , and I 'll set you up with a nice diversified package , low risk , high yield.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
My cock is hard.
Sonnets should be written about how dangerous my cheetah cock is.
I temped on your desk years back , and I thought about telling you , but then you got fired for the masturbation video , and I missed my chance.
I love this place.
I dunno My agent sent it How did he get hold of it ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Adam is great.
You ca nt just barge in on the tour without purchasing a ticket.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I cheated , like you.
So if you agree on a wholesome variety show and all of a sudden it 's filled with satire-- the most threatening humor there is-- you 're worried about people hating what you 're selling.
Be graceful at all times ... Your Highness !.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
Did he kill Norma Rivera ?.
You jack that ring , too ? -.
You still want the cherries jubilee ?.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
She 's not a part of this , so just let her go.
It 's evidence Petrovic killed her.
This is the most exhaustive investigation in Swedish history and the only suspect ... - Is Christer Pettersson -.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
You 're gon na tell me the best pizza 's in New York and I got ta try it , right ?.
My cancer was a death sentence , remember ?.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
This morning I had a dream.
Now , at the hottest part of the day , the very worst time , her chicks are hatching.
The sun has scorched life from the Sahara.
All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field.
Save the rest for divorce court.
Caretaker Bang , former triple jump champion , say that Audun Boysen ate two slices of bread with liver pate , three kelp tablets and a tablespoon of powdered kelp before competitions.
Now ... please join me in honoring her with 60 seconds of absolute silence.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Meanwhile , the State Police are manning the roadblocks.
National service , it has become worthless.
Busted up your ride , racing around town like you got a Mad Tyte JDM ?.
Be quiet !.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
I found a town like the one yesterday.
Your mom really does hate change.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Invisible , but powerful.
Invisible , but powerful.
They wanted to kill Thornhill.
I 'm not that picky.
It 's the military chip they put in her head , it makes her loco , you better watch that.
I 'm not snapping -.
Like a fish.
But it 's alive.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Malibu beach house gets you laid every time.
Look into it and gain your deepest desire.
They would n't even let him see the body.
It is a 400 TwinX. A female.
I packed your suitcase.
Mr. Durant and Senator Metcalf here , they 'll call me a murderer as it suits them.
He was fingerprinted for his security clearance , but he does n't have a DNA sample on file.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
You dropped your gun.
I believe El Cucuy wanders from place to place.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
The bridegroom has got the ring And it 's such a pretty thing He slips it on her finger And the choir begins to sing Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
How many mermaids in a Pod ?.
It 's the hospital 's printer , and ... Which I got for them for my research , for my grant.
I 've seen it turn an SUV into an ice cube.
There 's a price on your head.
The curse was built to be unstoppable.
uh , there was a fire.
You got a bra in my silverware drawer -.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
The prophecy is made - up but it 's also true.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
My family had a little situation , so ... Really ?.
I ca n't do it.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
We grow our own food.
Or I can take 10 years.
I can flip the switches.
He destroys all , but only to start again.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
So just your brother , Molly Hooper and 100 tramps.
The Dr.iver must have diverted the train and then detached the last carriage.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
We 're sold out.
It sent his grandfather mad.
It sent his grandfather mad.
We 're not dead ?.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
Do n't blame me !.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Shut up in your face !.
Told her I 'd spend the night again.
Forgive me , but would n't it be better if the club could be kept out of it ? -.
You broke my arm !.
Never put your keycard with your phone.
That tiger has night vision goggles ?.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
Good.
He used to take them for fun.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
I know four people are dead.
I have a bad connection.
And my personal favorite is the Mauser Elite SSX Double Barrel.
Bye.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's the first Medal of Honor awarded to a Hispanic - American , Corporal Joseph De Castro.
You find a place to live yet ?.
Beijing , China Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
But that 's not for sale.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Or find someone to do it for you.
He 's doing a healing.
But not everyone is a viable candidate.
He went home with some guy last night.
We got out together.
My brother Caleb was here -.
I am a dungeon master.
I spent so many hours playing with this when I was your age.
I believe you have a link to the machine , anthropomorphic delusions aside.
Six months later ... It is a real scam.
Put this on and remove your chain -.
The water 's not deep enough.
I 've got research here , something about a Bible-- the Gutenberg Bible ?.
It 's on a world tour.
It 's on a world tour.
We turn it into food , clothing , shelter , et cetera.
It 's a rabbit.
I am a sexy , heroic firefighter , - and you are a burn victim -.
Tell me who it is I 'm touching.
I converted it , and I live inside.
Was the sex bad ?.
I found your Mustang.
The only way Da Silva sails off into retirement is if the boss dies.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
You 're fired.
- This my dear viewers , is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity for a few minutes uncensored material to see , I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
I would like , that you wake up and change you , Before I tell you what you should do , I give you the facts , And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
You 're a coward.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
Did you have any trouble with Ikeda ? -.
Hear me out.
A Rob Roy.
I heard gunshots.
On our microwave.
Oh , I got that strap - on in Zanzibar in the 19th century.
Mr. Roscoe Pelfrey ?.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
Look up her internet searches.
A submarine went down ... the Belomorsk.
Look at this polish.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
Lily ends up with the gun , shoots that person , and he or she runs away.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
This is super awkward ".
Um , and by the time I was getting up , he was already coming through the door.
I believe you love your country.
Anger Management 2x53 - Charlie and His Probation Officer 's Daughter - Original air date March 20 , 2014 Did you find the mouse yet ?.
The day of my marriage , a secret contract was slipped in amongst the others.
I 've smoked so much pot , it 's in one of those hospitals learning to walk again.
In seven days , we run out of food.
That pig virus is their extermination plan.
It 's a Ficus benjamina.
Damn it , Ginsberg.
You forgot about Andy already.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
Spare me the suspense and tell me what your " save the day " plan is.
You ever talk to my wife again , I will kill you.
You need to tell people what happened to you.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
The Daleks got here before us.
It has to be.
But he is innocent.
You 'll be on blood thinners for a while , and you 'll follow up with a cardiologist , but you should be fine.
I got out because Re - Kon was high and I did n't like the way he was driving.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
The Espheni are using these roads to haul children to God knows where , which means there 's a damn good chance my daughter 's at the end of the line.
It -- it wants to control all of you.
You may resume your ritual after I speak to Tom Mason about the Beamer.
Bull's - eye , Matt.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
I could n't turn it off.
I have to take you back to Eichen , Lorraine.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
You could 've left him in the building , you know.
Turn it the fuck down , you motherfuckers !.
Made of copper.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
Anthony died protecting me.
Look at it.
Tell me what you 're feeling.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
I shouted " Attack " , and she fell.
His solution was correct.
He 's the machine.
I am not a great writer.
I 've always wanted to be a dad.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
It worked !.
It was time for goodbye.
I set the alarm at your condo , and I gave my keys to your pet - sitter , like you told me.
I do n't have the page !.
♪ This time will be mine ♪ Rocky 's going to love this place.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
Get out of my bank , you beast !.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
Tell me about the droid.
I thought you said the dog was dead.
Why do n't you shake the hand that 's gon na shock the world.
Jeanine murdered an entire faction , Caleb.
Just like a woman to wear jewelry into battle.
Do n't kill me.
Good night , ladies.
Kasser ] Our economic system is one of consumer capitalism , and that 's why the government needs to have consumption at very high levels , um , and why , of course , the corporations do , and why at some level most people then buy into it.
You got ta show them your panties.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
She came here for her sorfs sake -.
She came here for her sorfs sake -.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
The Mosasaurus !.
There 's a western tunnel.
Colombians say ... God made our land so beautiful ... it was unfair to the rest of the world.
Essentia crescat.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
You 're a genius , you shit gold , and Oscars are made of gold.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
You 're never supposed to start an improv with a transaction.
It 's all nasty and bruised up.
Of course , I play Edwina.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
Chuck , did you read this ?.
It 's really exciting to talk to you.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
He 's on vacation.
Lydia 's not gon na have a problem getting into Stanford.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
We 've been pen pals.
Everything is gon na be great.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
France has no further interest.
Everett ... I think it 's time for us to rebuild our family.
You say I fixed it with a gold earring ?.
Nothing to do with me ?.
God you 're beautiful.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
You asked Dave if I had a blue ja ... I saw a blue jacket in the woods with a bloodstain on it.
Smell ?.
Do not be a viper in my bosom.
Do we talk about teacups and time and the rules of disorder ?.
But this city is n't a caterpillar.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Mrs. DiLaurentis saw Spencer in the backyard and told the police ?.
The hurricane turned.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
Take your shot.
Your troops have killed over a dozen Palestinians in house raids -.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
They named the guitar as a murder weapon ?.
I 'm going home , Louis.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
Lucas 's murder did n't buy you any goodwill ?.
You were ... distraught , rightfully , and your brain scans showed abnormalities.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Catherine mentioned the chapel that Father built for you.
Can you tell me where Jim O'Donnell 's office is ?.
I do read Henry 's bible.
The meat 's well cooked.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
My son ! -.
Blow it up !.
And as the ruler of a Protestant country allied with England , she would no longer be a threat to Elizabeth.
Get away from me !.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
Welcome to the family.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
Mr. Zane , you scheduled this hearing.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
You withheld.
The FBI 's always on alert.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
Be careful , Emma.
Fighting dirty is n't me -.
You secure the Stinger so I can set the splint with the broken pieces of Dragonfly One.
She had good style , and I 'm sure that a couple of her dresses are in a closet somewhere.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
In the new year , you will return to your captain , and he will welcome you with open arms , and , detective , you will remember today as your darkest day.
I am a free man now.
Well , the paper is Dutch hemp , and its degradation dates it to the late 1700s.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
It only worships power.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
Before lawyers came along , the word " divorce " did n't even exist in the English language.
It 's gym clothes.
She is a goddess !.
She 's The Machine.
The dealer does n't care , Kripke has no authority over us , and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot.
The world throws wicked punches.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
God be with you and watch over you.
She was complicated.
We 're safe ! '.
I built it for you.
Five minutes ago I was a sea captain.
But Father Miller 's understanding of Christ 's soon return can not be ignored.
I love this sweater.
What 's the number ?.
Get more officers in there now.
Negative entities often feed off emotional distress.
TINA : Was that the Demiguise ?.
We 're never making it to Te Fiti.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
Running a great house in Paris had proved more complicated than I 'd ever imagined.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's a cursed hat -.
Have a seat -.
The cut - off date is the 25th ? -.
I loved him.
Our children of black blood.
Marseille has to move with the times.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used falsified evidence to exonerate a client.
She knows you.
She knows you.
Is it wise to administer a hypertonic saline to a cardiac arrest patient ?.
If it were n't for the Arab , I never would 've forced your father to challenge Kublai in the first place.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
So , my brother took off the leash , and in that instant , the dog spotted a cat.
Stupid.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
I 'm a jewelry designer -.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
There 's a blockade outside of camp , food rationing inside , jail full of Grounders.
Have you ever seen a fairy ?.
I do n't have one.
Goes up , delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit.
That chemical plant ....
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
Find him and bring me his right hand !.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
I can go check the crime scene for any leftover evidence.
Today Palmer Tech is pleased to introduce the Power Cell , a 100 % recyclable battery.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
Those missiles hit , and he 's going to become even stronger , is n't he ?.
Truth be told , it 's not dissimilar to the plan I had for the glades once upon a time , but on a much , much larger scale.
She was wrong.
Just gon na wait for someone to show up order a pizza.
The risk I wo n't take is being overseas if the president dies.
Give me the flashlight.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
You robbed me of her -.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
I let my brother drown so I could save myself.
You actually think that you can beat her.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
The gemstone that I gave you ... pop it right in there.
Mi amor ... There was a tunnel under the barn.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
The sorcerer bequeathed the quill to all of you , but it is not a simple pen.
It 's the WMD team.
I am The Flash.
I 'm sitting at the entrance to the garage when I realize I do n't have my key card.
Welcome to my cabin in the woods.
We ca n't stop Myriad 's signal , but we can piggyback off of it.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
It was the end of last year.
Tell me about the film you saw.
I would 've never let Kip enlist.
I tracked the last package to the Midtown post office it was mailed from.
Watch it on the right -.
Look at the , uh , date on the back -.
Eat me !.
The girl was Kinky Boots.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
I can hear it.
It 's okay.
You know , the surgery went well.
I mean , he died.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
Angie , found the murder weapon.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
It 's cool , it 's cool.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
We need to stop it , or there could be major casualties.
Call him again.
Call him again.
The altar is sacred--.
Who asked you to investigate Touvier ?.
He 's coming.
When I 'm sheriff , the first thing I do is take down that stupid painting in your office -.
I found it among Miss Bai 's things.
You came and begged me for help with a case of demonic possession , and now you got your knickers in a twist 'cause I did n't bring you flowers ?.
James comes from a world where he wants his phone and his camera separate ".
My free will.
My free will.
Cássia , I 'm already fixing the alarm.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
They want to see an end to this war.
With four contenders duking it out for top spot , here 's a fifth to add to the mix.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
In Azeroth ?.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
He fosters dogs.
I dealt with the problem.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Doubt leads to death.
Finally , in the year of our Lord 1802 , he took himself off to Africa.
At the moment , my body is going to the bank.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
And to think all of this came out of your boring little Boy Scout brain.
You were wrong.
We got a letter from Eileen.
Alex ?.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
However ... I found an extraordinarily high level of hyaluronidase in her system -.
You want me to help you rob the most deadly vampire on the planet ?.
Take off your clothes slowly.
You get 503 brake horsepower.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
He said he would hurt me again and again until I gave in to God 's will.
We found Regina Franklin 's parents in Tampa.
I need to find a guy.
It said " dark ".
