Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
That 's a costume I could wear.
Why did you arm yourself with a knife before going to the victim 's dressing room ?.
Nothing ?.
My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion ... My friends , I 'm highly gratified of this display of effusion.
- Most original.
Is it very valuable ?.
- Is n't he charming ?.
- Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
What 's a matter ?.
This is perhaps his masterpiece.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
Beaugard is dead.
It could be spinach.
Yes , disappeared.
Wellmore here is sending a bull train clear through to old Tom Williams 's trading post.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
It 's nothing to me how you take it.
I 've never told Black Elk a lie yet.
Shank me off a snack !.
I do n't mind fists or feet , or even a gun.
Stop shooting ' , everybody !.
Zeke , this is old Ben Griswell 's knife.
Zeke , this is old Ben Griswell 's knife.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
Go !.
Who is it from ?.
It 's about me.
With me it 's a closed book.
Finis.
Ca n't you forget you 've seen it ?.
This is the joint where you 're working.
Say , there 's a lonesome touring car down the street.
Yeah , but Rico 's wreath beat them all.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
Do you like it ?.
Shoot , Rico.
" Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
They can knock it down and turn it on its head ― it always gets back on its feet.
It has metal where it counts.
I do n't use invisible ink.
Just a small cut from that paper clip.
The Abbey could be very attractive , but I should imagine it would need quite extensive repairs.
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
I had a terrible dream a few nights ago and I have n't been able to get it out of my mind.
And I feel terrific.
Eva , my daughter !.
Sit down.
I said beat it !.
Full of holes My aunt thought it would do And what do you think ?.
My aunt thought it would do And what do you think ?.
She opened her cupboard and gave me a petticoat.
When I get out , I 'm going back on the farm.
Do n't tell me you were drunk and do n't remember -.
- About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
Found no skeletons ? -.
Listen , I was in a place today , and I heard somebody say something -.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
I tell you , Michael , it is a wicked business.
You 'd say what ?.
What would you do ?.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
Take it away before the Board of Health gets here.
- I think it is , General Shubin -.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
It would be glorious to go with you but I may never be able to see all those splendid things.
I called you gordon.
You do n't seem very excited about it.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Closing your account ? -.
- You 're protecting somebody -.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Everything'll be all right.
But you said it was safe.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
Maybe it was her aunt.
That 's your bedroom ?.
Listen , Heinrich.
The child has come.
I think you know what the trustees can do with their suggestions ".
Whatever it is , I 'm against it.
I 'm against it !.
It does n't look like me.
Well , take it away and hang it in my bedroom.
It 's cute.
Come out , Rainsford.
It 's adorable.
It 's adorable.
It 's the latest model.
I 'll get it out.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
It does n't seem to ring or tick at all -.
But how does it ....
Gary ... - Yes ? -.
It 's bad money.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
How do you like this place ? -.
I 'm all hollow inside -.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
I thought I hated this country.
It 's part of it all -.
If I sold it , I would get ....
I was nowhere near that niche.
You 'd better give it to me.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
Prudence attending , Vengeance inspires - You can remember it ? -.
- You 're not gon na forget it ? -.
Well , I ... I do n't see it on you.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bodice ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
Is it very close to your fair white skin ?.
You must come over.
You 're shooting your own men.
I 'll get it dropped over tomorrow.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
They gave it up because it destroyed the material -.
It was injected under the skin , and it turned the dog dead white , like a marble statue -.
It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir.
It was about Jack.
- It was Kemp.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Oh , I was up on Angkor once.
It 's rugged and strong and impressive.
Lily.
There 's a fire , milord.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
They are probably asleep and did n't hear it.
It 's the silliest thing I 've ever heard.
Do n't try to lift it.
What is it ? -.
Oh , is she a dream and you should see that dream walking.
What a linguist !.
That 's the androgynous type.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
There 's no end to your accomplishments , is there ? -.
- Are you going to see him ? -.
- Auntie ! -.
Listen ....
It 's management 's fault.
You can fix it , ca n't you ?.
You are a smartie.
Get it ?.
Let 's get to work !.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
Hurry up , for Christ 's sake !.
It 's a green Studebaker-- 98 92 - -.
It 's no tennis club either.
He 's being picky.
It was parked at the university.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Cheetah , that is n't funny.
Martin , that 's sweet of you ... but nothing matters anymore.
Pick up that ivory.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
On it ?.
- I was hoping you 'd find out who did it -.
Lets his lawyer give her money to give to him so she 'll think it 's blown over.
Nothing as yet to cinch it.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
I happened to remember he had shrapnel in his shin.
Nick , are you sure one of these people is the killer ?.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
Just as in life.
Just as in life -.
Just as in life -.
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you.
What the devil have you been up to ?.
She swore she wo n't do it again.
It 's alive.
But it 's a dream , Fletcher.
And this ship will be the worse if possible , for his death.
Milord , he did n't use the bayonet.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
Go on and read it.
You read it.
" as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
That 's right.
Keep that door locked till dawn.
There it is , Paul.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
Then it suddenly struck me.
I know I had it.
Lay it down and do n't bother me.
Nickie , I 'm sorry.
We 'll start the New Year right -.
- Have you made up your mind ? -.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
- What was the shooting ? -.
Of course you 're right.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
- It was traced from another check.
Yet he threw it away.
I had a much nicer voice till I ran a nail through it ... You ran a nail through it !.
You should know the British never surrender.
And I want this necklace.
2,200,000 francs.
100 pesetas fine.
I 'll be through in a second.
Do n't you like it ?.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It is in my inside pocket.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Would it upset you too much if I would ask you to take it back ?.
Hurry , it 's almost daylight.
Now he 's innocent.
I tore it out of a law book.
My husband says it would be a blessing if the community would forget what happened.
I do n't dare sign this , or I would probably get lynched myself.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Now , you fired him , the best man we ever had on libel -.
- Take his arm -.
- What is it ? -.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
What is it ?.
I do n't believe it.
- It 's nothing , Bill -.
- No , but I will get the power of attorney.
You see , Mr Deeds , the opera is not conducted for profit -.
To most people it 's an awful let - down.
It 's a beautiful little town , too.
It 's about you.
That goo that tastes like soap.
You listen to this - when we make an agreement , it is an agreement.
I got some presents for ya.
Bill , what 's in that watch ?.
Let 's try it again from the beginning -.
It 's an interesting experiment.
It 's more than an experience.
Well , I 've staked every penny I 've got on it.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
Why , the wound on Dearden 's hand is an inch shorter and horizontal.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
Is n't it the most beautiful day ?.
Well done , well done.
Because your heart is a thing that can be bought and sold.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
I let her make sacrifices when there were others who had more to give.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
It has no name.
I did n't open it , it was for you.
- Oh ... Just ... just something I made up.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
- All I remember is ... - It was glorious , was n't it ? -.
- Let 's forget it.
Love , jealousy , hate , murder , and all in 35 minutes.
It 's an unusual story.
It may be more than love , or less than love.
It 's ....
I shall never play it.
- Did n't you tell me Mr Hamilton is going ? -.
It annoyed me that there should be another woman who looks exactly like me.
Did you have to throw that gadget away ?.
I will never forget that.
I did it for my country.
Did you say I was a sissy ?.
Well , let 's get something to eat anyway , huh , Harvey ?.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He gave it to me.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Kind of funny about Eddie stopping where he did.
Why , he owns the boat I fell off -.
And you can go row your old boat all by yourself.
We have good times together , eh , little fish ?.
Do you actually give those to your patients ?.
I 've got it someplace.
It 's rather a strange - looking sight.
No , it 's no apple dumpling.
Put a man at every gate.
With a coal shovel , old cans ... We should come up in a garden ... behind those buildings ... It 's open country.
Perhaps ... I admire your care of your geranium.
It is n't a party.
Nick , stop them.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
I 'm dumping my fighter.
Not while there 's a chance of getting that title from McGraw and Morgan -.
They would n't be taking us so far on such a dangerous trip.
They must have deliberately brought us here.
Centuries.
I saw a man whose life was empty ".
Maybe 'cause you 've always been part of Shangri - La without knowing it -.
I would n't believe it in England.
What do you think of his talk about Shangri - La ?.
We met them here on the train.
Thank you.
-No , I understand everything perfectly.
We denied and repudiated.
- Quick ! -.
- Give it to it !.
Did you see it ?.
It 's only Dopey -.
- Did you see it ? -.
- How big is it ? -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
Chop it to pieces.
- Jiminy Crickets ! -.
It covers three beds.
I ... I hope you 'll accept my apology.
What a nest for a honeymoon.
Darling , what 's happened ?.
Prepare for a transfusion.
- Robin 's right -.
Does my lady find it interesting ?.
Well , my lady , I have had a nip of ale of a night , just now and again at a place in the town and I wo n't deny as some of the others were there.
Not that I 've noticed it 's done that to you , except when he was waiting to be hanged.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
The papers carry a big story of what 's missing.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
Suppose the cops get hold of this book ? -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
Every doctor has.
Assume that it has happened -.
-I'm not worried.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
What 's up ?.
Why , when you can do it nice and legal ?.
-You wanna make something out of it ?.
What are we gon na do with it ?.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
Nicole.
It was a free - for - all.
That proves it 's a CrowFlight.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
On top of all this , we 've stolen a car !.
It would go something like this.
No , I think it 's a good idea to continue our walk.
Terribly anxious because I am sure Sorgues was hypnotized.
I was counting on your honesty , your loyalty ... I see I was mistaken.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
Play it , Neddie.
Julia was a girl and it seemed hopeless.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I had it all planned.
He needs it.
Please do n't make me feel guilty about it.
Even if it is a fool idea that people dream about and then go flat on.
I feel alive and I love it.
I do n't think it matters a bit what I think.
I am a man of 58 years and speak from a long experience and observation.
If that position at the bank is still open I 'll be glad to take it.
- I do n't like the color.
It 's no joking matter.
Pres is coming home.
Major Crandall 's dead with it , for one.
Major Crandall 's dead with it , for one.
It just seems to me there are other things more interesting.
I scared of them gators.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
I 'm as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Heaven knows what the government will say about it.
I love the arts.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
I 'll dream of it.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Taste it.
Somebody 's buying up everything here.
That 's the reason I 've lived in this house so many years and could never move out.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
- So is necking -.
It 's in my throat.
It 's in my throat.
Tell Donald to hurry -.
The idea of you engineering this thing and being caught in your own trap.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
- You ought to know it -.
- Polly Wolly Doodle ?.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
They told me that a man with your record would never go straight.
Well , I get crazy when I think there was another guy , maybe , or ... or something , or ... Well ... Let 's skip it , huh ?.
And the screws would n't answer no questions.
She 's been making a sap out of you all this time ?.
And what is the Star of Delhi ?.
It 's a watch fob.
- Who 's life ? -.
- Could be the one that was tossed at me.
Does what ?.
- That 's very nice , but I ... - Lois should get some sleep anyway -.
A glass of water -.
Look , Nickie , it 's smoking.
I got sick of playing Little Red Riding Hood to that old guy.
I count it.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
- Get goin' , son.
It 's breakfast.
About the size of a pie -.
It 's got beer on it.
You liked it , huh ? -.
It 's a mighty fine thing when a man realizes he 's wrong ... and tries to correct it in a nice way.
That 's great.
But you must n't drink it all at once , because it is the last.
Katie Scarlett !.
I should 've committed robbery to get that tax money for you.
You know , Scarlett , I think you 're on the verge of a crying jag.
I 'm thinking about how rich we are.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
That was fine.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
It 's no use.
I wanted you.
- Give that to me !.
It 's a cloud -.
Not a soul would have believed it.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
The window ?.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
Come on get some clothes we 'll find out.
Fertile ?.
Turn me sick with horror to see it struggling and the sound of its screams ... What 's that ?.
Oh , now do n't be silly Good night , Beryl.
What 's the matter with the Hunchback ?.
I did n't know there were women like that.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
Look , dear , do you think I like it ?.
Do n't you think it means as much to me as it does to you ?.
About time we came up with it -.
Well , I do n't like it , and it ai n't the way I aim to have things.
I said is there an armoire in that room ?.
Spray painting , lead painting.
I 've never seen this before -.
I 've never seen this before -.
But you must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
" Is it true that a lot of people live on the moon ? ".
Just a little knob.
- Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
And it 's great.
At least the May Day parade is over.
Is n't it wonderful ? -.
- Tell us , Ninotchka -.
- It may step out of a bazaar.
Funny.
It 's in her family , is n't it ?.
You adopt Tina ?.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
Yes , reminded you of a great , beautiful bird , did n't it ?.
But one night when I was lost in a fog and was glad to get back down , what do you think the welcome - home speech was ?.
Said she 'd rather see me dead , have it over with.
I slipped on the porch -.
Stop it !.
He shall be recalled.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
-I was ill.
This deficit has grown to alarming proportions.
If I fail to crush Tyrone , take my sword.
They could n't have done it without my help.
You spoil me for death.
The Minister could n't be here but he wishes to express his admiration and sincere congratulations.
He was going to risk his life.
-They're nice but very damaging.
-Christine has disappeared !.
That 's the way they teach you in dancing school.
You must be very fond of that piece.
I wo n't do it anymore.
But he 's afraid that if the Indians see him coming , they'll- - I have to see Mr. Big Eagle somehow , before it gets dark -.
A very rare animal.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
Thank you.
If it 's ivory the party 's after ... the hunter in charge usually gets 10 % of whatever they bring out.
Just to register emotion Jealousy , devotion And really feel the part.
What 'll we do ?.
And remember , my sentimental friend that a heart is not judged by how much you love but by how much you are loved by others.
I should 've thought of it for you.
Remember me your old pal , Hunk ?.
Go on.
- It 's divine -.
- It is a nightgown , is n't it ? -.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
You ca n't light it but it looks awful cute -.
When you 've got it right in your mitts , they leave you with your tongue hanging out.
What is the meaning of this demonstration , Mr Waterbury ?.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
Guy said it works swell.
Some scientists think that great droughts and earthquakes turned the whole world into a gigantic dustbowl.
It cost a lot of money.
Must have been a frog.
Joseph Panello.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
You promise ?.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
Used to be.
- What 's so funny about that ?.
Only , it 's for an old lady.
How 's it feel ?.
I did n't even know I was going to do it.
I look over behind the eight rock , and do you know what happened to the eight rock ?.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
This one is falling apart.
it finds the way by the power of the stars it finds you and happily laughs my heart.
you 're the queen 's husband and your son 's father , Maria , you seem to have forgotten you never think about me , everything else is more important to you , this and this and that why do you look at me like this ?.
I have sung , I wrote poems , and nothing has remained but you are here , Maria you are the life life ?.
I have become ugly you wo n't be able to love me any more it 's smallpox does it hurt ?.
Just a minute.
I had a publicity job offered to me last year.
It 's Bruce 's money and I want it back.
My wallet ?.
If it was my own grandmother , I 'd carry on -.
He 's just crazy , Mother.
That 's true.
Hammond 's widow.
I had nothing else to do.
It appealed to me.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
Now , this is really a handsome estate.
-l had to pay a great deal of money for it.
Darling , you 've done something to this sleeve.
( CHUCKLING ) So , this bird killed the black - breasted red ? -.
She 's been at me night and day to take her there.
It 's queerer than that.
A nice story for Spy , incidentally.
An understanding heart.
And remember , Mike with the rich and mighty ... Do you know what time it is ?.
- You.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
You 're in great shape.
You forget I am out of it.
Liz ... You see , it really was n't Tracy at all , Mr. Kittredge.
So you have taken it upon yourself to remedy the defects of Spanish justice ?.
I 'm on the grape - juice wagon.
You had a good laugh the other night too , did n't you ?.
- What 's that ? -.
If he did n't kill you , you 'd do it yourself.
But you have n't listened to it.
It 's quite a bit of money.
Sir , for several days your attitude toward me seems to have changed -.
On one side , I put a picture of my wife and on the other side , my little baby.
Ai n't for me.
What 'll we do , use it for a tire patch ?.
It 's our new house.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it.
- How can a dog tell bad from good ? -.
If Your Highness would wind it yourself.
I 'm the king of birds !.
I must have it , and I 'll give you anything you wish for it.
It was in my house you were cared for , to sleep your sleep ... and dream to its end ... your first dream of love.
I 'd like to keep that particular piece of paper myself.
I 'll call Mr. Bernstein and have him put off my appointments till noon.
You 're a success.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
The southern part of Trinidad.
Give it to me -.
- No.
I have to give it to her personally.
- We wo n't take no for an answer -.
Have you read it ?.
And spirits of spinach.
It 's all tarnished.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
I 'll never forget it.
Mere scraps of paper.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
But I have a date with Ginger.
Daniel , you should n't go out with girls.
It 's dangerous.
I feel like a mouse.
Pile out of there -.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Then straight to Mrs Tossal the Shop , for that toffee which you could chew for hours , it seems to me now.
At least I am not sitting on it , talking rubbish in chapel -.
Our son is a scholar.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
As a matter of fact , I think you 're a sucker to make it.
Can I hide behind the sanctity of my client 's identity secrets and whatnots all the same , priest or lawyer ?.
I 'll have it in another week at the most , though.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
This wo n't do any good.
It 's chromium.
- There you are , sir -.
I 'll just take £ 500.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Stokes , care of the post office at Lyme Regis -.
I have no desire to enter a cave after a trapped animal ... even though I know you have no weapons.
What Is It ?.
Pull It In.
Your time Is up.
Your time Is up.
There It Is.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Your nose is bleeding.
Can you give it to me ?.
- A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
While I was there , Miss Porter came in.
Nicky , I ca n't stand it !.
Nicky , I ca n't stand it !.
Well , he wo n't have to no more.
- Tom says I was to give it to you.
Keep the money or throw it away.
I could n't stand it if you got down on me too.
It 's like a box , and you can hear music and voices coming right out of it.
There 's lots of it on the bottom.
It 's a new drug that works wonders in cases such as this -.
Well , there it is , ca n't you see it ?.
How come I can still see it ?.
That 's the fourth time you 've taken that same load to town and brung it back.
How much rent would it be , Payne ?.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
- But he ai n't here -.
I 'm just figuring on selling it and giving Henry half of that money.
And the horn was n't hurt none.
Yeah , it 's brand - new.
Why , you made a mistake.
This could n't be a diamond bracelet , could it ?.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
Because I know Martin.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
It brought us together.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
This happens to be my apartment.
I think it 's great.
I wanna read it again myself.
It 's not just a play by a newspaperman.
It 's really superb , cries out for Cornell.
- Darling.
It 's a picture of me as I used to be.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Inflato , taken from the word " inflation ".
Let me try it.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play " As Time Goes By ".
One in , one out -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
I do n't know the finish yet.
This is not our home.
So this is Holiday Inn.
Why , this is darling.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
I 'll look terrible in the stuff.
I wrote this just for you , honey.
♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ ♪ It 's not my watch you 're holding ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪.
♪ It 's my heart ♪ ♪ It 's not my watch you 're holding ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪.
When you 're through with it , send it to the police.
I did n't like it.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
Craig 's a lawyer.
Ask no questions.
It 's just standing idle in the garage.
If it had n't been for me , he 'd still be alive.
Stanley , what is it ?.
It 's Peter 's.
It could n't have been.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
This time I 've not deserved it.
The plumbers disconnected it.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Gloria ... I wo n't say it again , Gloria.
- At your service.
She 'd actually pawned her bracelet for money.
And they 're trying it on.
A bird is nice , it sings , whistles , preens itself , but you 're not sure where it will land.
- No.
It was you.
Make a note of it.
Yes , Walt Whitman 's.
I should have this morning.
- We promised to meet Deb for dinner.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
$ 99,000 is a lot of money.
I mean , sex did n't even enter into it.
This is very illuminating.
In cash.
It would be nice if something came of it.
It would be wonderful for him.
I did n't realize it was so humorous.
I 'm afraid I 'm ... There 's no use trying to conceal it now.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
But what about the $ 99,000 ?.
You know about Gerry 's decision ?.
I wanted to prove that you could look Pittsburgh in the eye and laugh at him.
Nobody'll ever like or trust you again.
You need care , and you need doctors that understand your case.
Now you have nothing to worry about , nothing.
It 's fantastic.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
My dear , you look adorable.
It would be fantastic.
It would be fantastic -.
It may sound outrageous to you , but it 's not a sudden impulse.
Come on.
Jack , that paper has your name on it -.
Jack.
Yes , and Romulus does n't like fish much , either.
Fry was right there with us , I 'm sure !.
Put it in the shed.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
I want to take a last look at it.
So I said , the first vacation I get , I 'm going to see the Statue of Liberty.
Yes.
They found my car on Richmond Bypass wrecked.
You realize , of course , when I was brought into the room blindfolded - I heard the mechanism of this door -.
Tell me what Christopher means.
He said tomorrow.
- Percentage is with the house.
- My uncle must have signed it.
It 's the coffee boiling -.
It 's a Polish dish.
As soon as I finish my course in American cooking ....
- A quart -.
Why ca n't 100 policemen find one man with a bad ankle ?.
Will somebody listen to me ?.
Still looks like Africa to me.
Sweetheart , darling , I love you.
If anything happened to you ... You think I can do it ?.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Then I - Then it - it - it closed in on me like- like a blast from a furnace.
Only it was n't hot , it- it was- It was simply horrible.
I 'm sure by tomorrow the police will find out what it was.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
- I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
It was sealed in this tube and vacuum.
She did n't die from the venom.
She did n't die from the venom -.
For a moment I thought you were the monster.
Oh , so you were the one who stole it.
Well , let us say , rather , that their ancestors ... handed it down from father to son throughout the ages.
I 'm just so excited.
You got ta stay off your feet , you know ... Tess , I hope it 's a boy -.
Tess , I hope it 's a boy -.
Believe in the ideal.
Tell you where his money is if you 're so anxious.
Bring your guns to starboard and hold fire.
No ! -.
It 's an innocent animal.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
I loved the world I left.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
Mickey , you draw Chambersburg.
He lost his job.
This is really something.
So the bridge is nothing.
If a Gypsy catches rabbits , he says it 's foxes -.
If you see one soldier , raise your rifle like this.
Can you make it to Navacerrada ? -.
You slept well !.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Fellow patriots , there 's work to be done.
- Something to wear -.
Do you think Martha will like it ? -.
It 's a hard decision to make , but yours is only a technical responsibility.
I do n't mean believe in it like believing in a religion.
I mean , do you believe it has power ?.
He 's even used a copy of the Daily Planet.
That money belongs to Miss Cowan.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It represents two years ' work.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
I think he 's gon na fight us.
It 's going to waste !.
We must get water.
Any way to squeeze it out quicker ?.
It takes its own time.
No , it is n't necessary.
It is from my village.
You hit it right on the nose.
Because it is a 100 - to-1 shot.
I wish you were n't so cocky about it.
Go on , take it !.
Swim in it !.
Do you know whatit is , Uncle Charlie ?.
You fold it over here at the side.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Oh , it 's some meaningless words , Musgrave ritual , they call it.
Let me see now ".
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
The last to find it defies dark powers " ".
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
Her mind.
She must have changed her mind.
She must have changed her mind.
It 's a burial crypt.
Up with it.
Who is it , Holmes ?.
Yes.
Obviously Watson , one of 'em died before passing on the meaning of the ritual to his heir.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
I 'm not so sure that it is true Watson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
Good night.
Interesting piece.
Look at that tree.
Yes , it bows in sorrow.
While I hum for him a song about us two.
It is only a dream.
You asked if I ever wished you were dead.
I have wished it hundreds of times.
Repulsive.
A registered package for Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
You like it ?.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
What of it ?.
I picked it up quite by accident.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
You got something to tell me ... You 're wasting your time -.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
This is Mortimer Brewster.
He does n't live with us.
You have the word of the President of the United States.
I 've tried it before--.
Maybe we 'd better go to your house , huh ?.
I 'll climb up and I 'll see -.
That 's a wonderful machine.
I do n't want you to do anything with it , except to guard it with your lives.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
He must have given me the wrong key.
He must have given me the wrong key -.
- Yes.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
I made this myself , Mr. Cody.
Indian !.
What is it ?.
What did I say to offend you ?.
Bill !.
From sewage.
Lend me your car for a while ?.
You were pretty good in there for a while , Keyes.
You said it was n't suicide.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
There are other ways.
We were at Lake Arrowhead.
X is equal to negative P half plus or minus the root of P half in square minus Q the tangent one half ( Alpha plus Beta ) ... If the cocoa is not sweet enough for you ... It 's fine , it 's fine.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
I 'll point out the window of the room in Number 9 where it happened.
- Yes.
That piano traveled with her everywhere in the great days.
I 'm afraid the pin is not very strong -.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Turn it up ?.
- Why has it been taken down ? -.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
Do n't look at me like that.
We should n't have come tonight , but she was so anxious.
I thought I imagined it.
But he was here.
I saw him.
Look , in the drawer of that cupboard there is a knife.
Be quick , Paula.
Get me the knife.
Would you get it , Paula ?.
And I have lost it -.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
- I must look for it , must n't I ?.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
Perhaps it 's behind this picture.
This is between him and me.
Yeah , but being sorry do n't fix it.
It 's a loan.
It 's not charity.
So you 're still in trouble.
So you 're still in trouble -.
- You mean to talk business ?.
It does n't say enough.
If I lose it , I 'll swear off.
" A great number were taken prisoner and brought before the consul.
I forgot to erase it ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
- I want to help him -.
" She phoned and canceled our engagement at exactly 7:00 " -.
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
As a matter of fact , I was just lying down here.
It should.
I believe you presented him with a cigarette case on his last birthday.
You took a bottle of Black Pony to her house Friday night.
Why did you tell me the radio at your country place was broken ? -.
Shelby was scared , so he ran out as fast as he could.
I 've always admired mink.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
Perhaps countess Rubido will be offended because we did not attend that famous premiere of theirs , but as the president of the Musical Institute , I can not afford to support dilettantism.
With the third act already completed , and having broadened his musical knowledge immensely during his stay in Prague , Lisinski returned to Zagreb full of hope.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
Stanley , we 've got to uphold the rights of human beings.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Get the meat -.
It 's working.
- Look -.
- Look , the steak.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Will you do it ?.
I picked it out myself.
Now look what you 've done.
I 'm a very sensitive man.
I stuffed it with paper to stop it from rattling.
Pocketbook.
This Hogarth etching for instance , - is it connected ? -.
That 's funny.
Where can it be ?.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
Bird.
This is where I nabbed him.
You are n't even worth half the wages you earn.
La Morte Rouge is on the telephone.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
Tanner sleeps here when he 's in La Morte Rouge.
Villagers call it the Wolf House.
Watson have you ever stopped to think that the science of detection is very much like stringing a hand full of beads ?.
- I do n't like him -.
There was no money on him or in his wallet.
That 's about as far as it goes.
- I got a refund on that ticket.
If he comes to while I 'm probing ... pour some of it on a hunk of cotton and give him a whiff of it.
Well , it said coffee on the bag.
Supposing it was your brother or someone you loved ?.
Your records are old.
- Is your line ready ? -.
But I never said it.
This is n't all fun and games ! -.
Nicky , what is it ?.
I do n't know about such things , but I imagine it was fired from a.45 or something in that general field -.
Give me the police department , please.
She was out cold.
Draque offered 500.
Draque offered 500.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
Cocoa ?.
Are you telling me that there pretty lady is a skunk ?.
When I 'm done , I 'm gon na throw it away.
Stop stalling.
That 's the way the law says it.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
It 's a cold from beyond the grave.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
Doctor , I 'd hoped you 'd be able to explain to me a happening which , to put it mildly , has always puzzled me.
' They always seem to have everything they want ' -.
Just a little birthday present.
I told you it sounded silly.
The only thing to do is to try not to look in it at all.
I hope your husband was satisfied with it.
Joan saw the room in the mirror as well as Peter.
Same old story ? -.
No , really , a small room is fine.
I bumped into a man carrying some baskets a little while ago.
No.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It 's I , George.
I 've just finished it.
- It 's I , George.
Well , it 's ... it 's awfully late , George.
Well , darling , I 've just been asleep.
Well , darling , I 've just been asleep.
I 'm watching out for a load of gas pipe.
She says he threw something round her neck.
It acted like a thuggee cord.
It 's a method of very swift and silent murder -.
I open next week.
That 's not the right tempo.
It belongs to the concerto.
It belongs to the concerto.
Play it once.
Breathe aflame This is our moment For gay love.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Why have n't you told me about it before ? -.
Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
Oh but Mr. Holmes , there 's no need for you to stay at the inn.
You know this rather reminds me of a very similar account when I brought about the undoing of the notorious Professor Moriarty.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
This stuff is fugitive.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
That 's the one that was used to copy the data.
Yes , but I ca n't find it.
-He'll send it.
On second thought , it wo n't be flattery.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
They 're sort of scary , but they 're so big and clumsy , they hate to take wing.
What have you done with Father 's lab ?.
If you were having the baby , you 'd love it.
Well , we could n't save the child.
Is it getting lighter ?.
Is it getting darker ?.
- The checks must 've gotten mixed up -.
You know you did.
That 's what started most of these guys off.
That 's when you start seeing animals.
I was the only one that really understood you.
And do n't call the neighbors.
Put it all down on paper.
How does that little tune go ?.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
No , we do n't want to publish it !.
Do you know it ?.
Oh , I guess it is , Mr. Dreyfus ,.
Let 's go down on the stage and run it through.
Ira is doing the lyrics.
You can make up songs , but you ca n't make up life.
I thought you 'd finished your portrait.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Most of the audience loved it.
You would n't know love if it hit you in the face !.
Are you blind ?.
I did n't hear anything.
Do n't forget the money !.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
- Chris steal ?.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
She keeps it right in her bedroom.
Now I would n't touch a penny of it , Mr. Higgins , but ... if you took it , it would be perfectly legal.
What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
Here 's 140 dollars that was taken out of her pocketbook.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
It happens in a moment sometimes.
I do n't understand how it happened -.
The more cockeyed , the better for the scientific side of it.
It was n't Angel Valley.
Cavite.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
Well , you try all of them.
It 's beautiful.
You overdid it again , as you say , did n't you ?.
Say , look , I usually charge for unpleasant work like this -.
Something in the nature of superior caretakers for this place which I intend to offer for sale furnished as it is.
It is stupid of me.
It is stupid of me.
How 's it feel ?.
Feels fine.
- How 's it feel ? -.
Anna 's gone out.
Often ?.
Oh , this is a little invention of mine.
That window in the empty house across the street , first floor front.
It 's open.
Strange , is n't it , how the light is reflected.
It 's so pleasant here in the garden.
We have to believe in it.
- And it still hurts ? -.
I wanted to return it to the dentist.
Well , what is his connection with the bomb depot ?.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
It 's belle ! -.
Alex , I implore you , do n't take it like this.
Yes , I was surprised to hear you did it.
It 's something I never hoped for or dreamed of.
Remember , folks , when you spell Drawrof backwards , it reads forward.
First he offers him this wonderful opportunity -.
It 's finished and done with.
It 's broken.
Frankie Olins had it.
He took it from a shiny red bank truck two days before Christmas.
- Yes.
How many times do I have to tell you ?.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
I found it , Lloyd !.
Come and dig it !.
There it is , in the ground.
Get off it !.
Get off !.
Get off it !.
It 's mine , I found it !.
The price has nothing to do with it.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
What 's it mean , Holmes ?.
And this gang has the first and third parts of it -.
My wife is n't just a " woman " -.
- The answer is yes.
Close it.
Tom , this is the Hotel Centenario -.
A new magazine.
- Bank examiner -.
A little present from old man Gower.
There 's the kitty , Ernie.
This is a pickle , George.
You can take this one off now.
Where 's that money , you silly , stupid old fool ?.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Said he died.
It comes from the desert.
I got them washed for free [.
- Yes , I was -.
I 'm superstitious.
We got ta mess ourselves up to prove we 've been in the accident too -.
It 's hardly smashed up at all.
That confession Mrs. Smith signed , what did you do with it ?.
Well , now we can give one back.
You 're making it very difficult for me.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
- Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
Did you ?.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
I 'm lunching with a duke on Sunday and I 've told my doctor he must put me to rights by then at all costs.
You know you love me.
What time 's it open ?.
Well , it 's a long story.
And then before he could come over after it ... he got knocked off by one of the fellow members of the lodge.
It moved east to west.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
What kind of trouble is Taylor in ?.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
I 'm Larry Cravat.
- What about Christy ? -.
I know where it is now.
is it the same as killing a man ?.
After 100 years.
- Mr Potter asked me to deliver this -.
Was the key ever out of your possession ?.
Might even be an accomplice.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
You know , it gets on the prisoners ' nerves.
I must have it !.
It 's a 500 ?.
It 's a great machine.
The Ace of Clubs.
I do n't want to take it out now.
Then no one else can use it.
It can be done.
It 's beautiful.
That was exactly when the other gang attacked from behind.
The plan 's a flop.
Tell me about the Indies , señor.
But it 's gold.
Keep it till tomorrow.
The Indians have no steel.
Had I removed the iron too soon , the wound would not have seared.
It 's a peaceful mission.
It 's a peaceful mission -.
- The cops may be on their way right now ! -.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
Sam said you could afford $ 200.
Used it in the last war.
It 's time for the bandages to come off.
Do n't change yours.
If you want to walk away from here , tell me if it 's the same car I think it was.
That 's no evidence.
I was up for the Navy cross.
Not at all.
Coat ?.
How did you find out about me and the escape and the rest of it ?.
- Let them.
Here we stand under your beautiful old plane - tree by this small avenue which branches off from my street and leads only to you.
This morning I said no.
And this time it 'll be a hard - fought battle.
Everyone knows it 's been signed over to me.
- No.
Illingenworth !.
May I write it down ?.
I published it in November 1940.
It 's perfectly safe tonight.
Peter , do n't pull the cat 's tail.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
We can go to the lawyer 's now -.
How much cattle range do you control ?.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
And wants it to stay.
I know it 's too soon to expect you to see it that way , lutie But you will see it some day.
I 'm awfully glad she does n't seem lonely.
This country , I 'm sick to death Of talking about this country.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
- No.
It 's an oldie.
How did that dinghy get there ?.
It 's just a razorblade.
If it was any bigger , it 'd bite you.
At the Charity Ball ?.
You 're wearing the earrings.
My body needs lifting.
I do n't feel it.
We 'll join you as soon as we finish -.
- Eve 's Fifth Avenue , I think -.
- I do n't like it -.
And Mrs. Talbin is wearing it.
I 'm very interested in murders.
-At Murcia.
You did it with your hands , did n't you ?.
He was a Franco spy.
That 's good , Arthur.
He talked about suicide.
Everything 's bad , Michael.
It 's one of those famous Bannister tricks.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
-We can prove he did n't.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
Tell me about your adventure.
In a few seconds it 'll be too late ... Alright , kill me !.
If we disapproved of it , it might create a scandal.
Death who imprisons me , shouted to me " So you want to live , girl ?.
You have not been around since you sent me this Joan Madou.
Oh , what 's the use ?.
It was my fault , Joan.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She 's run away.
Powdered egg omelette , probably , and a little Spam -.
That used to be the largest department store in Berlin.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
I was washing my hands when he asked me to give it to you.
Well it 's better than no whiskey at all , sir -.
But as a noncommissioned officer , you are aware of the barrier between your class and mine -.
Aye , madam , it is common.
- Did you not speak to it ? -.
- I would I had been there -.
A whoreson mad fellow 's it was.
I ca n't clean it good because it 's still dark.
It 's dented.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
Have n't I repeatedly told you not to cut up the paper until I 've read it ?.
Not a bad - looking house.
You buy it with your heart , not your head.
I want it ".
If a lilac can live and be so old , so can the house.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
Any small changes would have to conform to the character of the countryside.
For $ 1300 , they can live in a house with three bathrooms and rough it -.
I think I 'd better have a little talk with Mr. Tesander -.
Its succulent goodness -.
Now , for the powder room in here , I want you to match this thread.
It 's the only spool I have and I had an awful time finding it.
Twelve dollars and thirty - six cents.
Is it true ? -.
Oh , it 's like a graveyard out there.
No.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
You want some of it ?.
It 's me , Matt.
It was nothing I ever heard before.
- Yes -.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
I wish it were somebody else.
- Why ? -.
Who is it ?.
- Gon na leave the car here ? -.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
Bowie ... I 'm gon na have our baby.
You see , I have a similar appointment in an hour.
That 's a very beautiful ring.
It was renounced by its owner quite some years ago.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
Take it your way.
It all depends on whether or not the guy who finds it is the right guy.
What else could it be ?.
It 's just like plain sand.
About $ 5,000 worth , I reckon.
I 'm gon na kick you in the teeth.
- Gold !.
married up.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
He could hear it , and he could feel it.
It 's so hot today.
Think of this , a sword is like a bird.
Remember , I 'm not in the same league with you , financially.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
However , it seems to me that this hill , Ed Duda , is a key position.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
Yeah , I got a plan -.
The post box is still there -.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
There is no other like it in all of Europe.
Oh , to be a painter !.
I thought you said this machine ca n't evaluate.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You have come across this statue.
The thing 's forebrain.
It lives.
No , thank you , Papa.
There 's a mine shaft at the end of these cables.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Why do you carry your rifle ?.
It 's more suitable for a glove compartment.
I was working last night and I jammed the key in the lock and then I turned it and broke it off.
But Anne 's way of living is better than ours , and I have to face it.
I thank you for this ... For this great gift.
Where did I put it ?.
For example , in combat , some of the more remarkable heroics take place in this state of mind.
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
Then I have to remove the detonator.
Tingler.
So that if it can die , it will.
Must 've gone out when I went through that fence.
Love !.
Do you recognize this baton ? -.
It 's heavy and dead.
It 's heavy and dead.
The dark cloud.
It 's stronger than I am.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
WELL , IT 'S J UST LIKE M IN E..
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
No , that hope is now fruitless.
I was homesick.
This road is the afterwards of the civil war.
I was given a pearl necklace.
As miserable a hovel as this is , your landlord will be inconvenienced if you do not return.
We have this major who makes us stand reveille every morning , rain or shine , which gives you an idea ... If we kept it on the move , it 'd sound like a lot of jeeps.
You see , I am writing a novel instead of doing historical research.
The bird got out.
Where did the angel fiind the crown ?.
Is this your gun ? -.
Your tongue is old but sharp , Cicero.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
King and emperor.
Your plan is brave and simple.
Be happy ".
You wo n't believe this , but five minutes ago I left this door open ... so you could find your way.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
It wo n't open.
It wo n't open -.
They 've got to know we 're on the level !.
Once the population , including the military , has been immobilized , my task force , which Mr. Strap had his people smuggle across the Rio Grande from Mexico , will approach Fort Knox in motorized equipment along Bullion Boulevard which runs past the depository here , and intersects with Gold Vault Road.
The mask wo n't come off !.
A machine was a thing ofjoy then , built to last a man 's lifetime.
We have to start from scratch.
I have to send you off to your flea- bitten war.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Was the letter anonymous ? -.
They 're photostatting the original.
Do you want me to manufacture a lie ?.
You think it 's more of a young person 's art.
The Spider was here.
- Do n't know who I am ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
It destroyed the Atomic Research Center and power plant ?.
I said it was very powerful.
It exists physically.
It exists physically.
It has mass , therefore gravity.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
So it is to sterilise.
It 's powerful , it 's sophisticated , but it 's not infallible.
An economic upheaval had occurred.
The creature must still be around.
You have a marvellous garden , Makino.
You can always fall back on the firing squad.
The hypo that I gave him should last for about one hour.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
But it writes black.
It has a point like a pencil.
Turn it on.
- Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Six months ago , it was stolen from the Athens state museum by George Corley.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
Where did you find this parachute ?.
It 'll mimic all the symptoms of Beck 's bacteria.
And when I bought it not half an hour ago you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squawk.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I assume that this switch was arrived at by mutual agreement.
I 'd rather you have it than some contemptible sneak thief.
I opened it because I thought it might throw some light on all this.
They have to keep it isolated.
It ca n't live with any other animals.
Your insurance is no good.
Your insurance is no good.
That black cat loved the taste of blood.
Thirty - seven not accounted for.
It 's one of the red queen 's hats.
So let 's start with this one God , it 's dumb It 's dead.
Well , he 's pining for the fjords.
The device is ready for detonation.
That little tree is in trouble.
I say if this book ends up in the hands of someone ruthless it could become the source for countless blackmails !.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
I love your scar.
Belongs to a friend.
And here , finally , is Hadriah 's Arch.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it loves smoke so much that it has to have it all.
A coffin fell on me -.
There 's music , too.
We 've also developed a tomato Which can eject itself when an accident is imminent.
Your brother left some things in the bunkhouse.
Yet the body dies.
I 'd feel naked without it.
The controls wo n't answer.
It was laying on the ground.
The fact is , the original driving license is not here.
Stay back from the train till it stops.
The church that all the others came from.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
Where 's the gun ? -.
It is all that is left of a mighty continent now sunk beneath the waves.
You should hate me rather than protect me.
You know , it 's a hell of a nuisance , all this damn paperwork.
This place is against life.
The airspeed indicator is to the left.
KELLER : Jewellery store.
I think it 's cute.
Try it.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
The force globe is flexible in only one direction per unit of time.
The church is empty.
I 'm so sorry , I 'm afraid the dining room door seems to have disappeared.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
You 're gon na get sick.
A man has but one body , Like a single cell.
- We just ate -.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
I was held up.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
We found the bomb !.
Yes , you like it.
Listen , we 'll be back next week with another vital question for our panel : " Do attack dogs make good house pets ? ".
That 's a beaut.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
I 've found an apartment.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can eat it raw or cooked.
Is that the famous Killer Meteor ?.
This Fist set is designed for girls.
Did Etienne give it to you ?.
It 's real cute.
Is German.
I have a tiny apartment.
I have a tiny apartment -.
And it 's got bad plumbing and bugs.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
Did the demon seem to expect Father Merrin ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
I detected a certain oneness in the last consignment.
Are we really going 110 ?.
As long as you find this big snake , suck up its blood , and you 'll have invincible power.
We picked the wrong profession !.
If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage.
Commander Adama.
You , me and Eddie Mars.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
The mobile unit has arrived.
He does n't have to.
That plastic fruit.
I 'll go tell my dad No one 's told me about it.
I 've got a plan.
HERE.
Factor four.
This map had been a legal orthodox buy from an antiquarian 's bookshop.
( Ash walls ) It 's an android !.
What was your special order ?.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
Does the sun really shine ?.
Does the world really exist ?.
It 's bright and yellow.
Captain Geline.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
It 's been ages since I caught up on all the gossip.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
- Did you , now ?.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
It 's a computer , Marty.
The art of security is a lot like a magic act , Mr. Hunter.
They found Rambo 's body.
- Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
Your Highness , I read there was a dispute over the ownership of the Pink Panther.
The front is drawing close on us !.
'Cause when its all over , you boys are just gon na be hung out to dry in that town.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
I 've rented myself a piece of an Italian earth survey satellite.
In the bathroom ? -.
- Just a little old crummy music box -.
We have actually shown that there is a clock.
lt does just fine by itself.
Is this The Flying Saucer ?.
The effects are indistinguishable from the American medium - yield bomb.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
We 're all proud of Gus Grissom.
This corn is raw !.
It 's so crisp -.
They must have told it he died.
This scheme is so reckless.
I 'll be killed.
Hey , Castillo , this is Tubbs.
They would have cleaned it up.
Take a look at the top of your bat , DiMaggio , and do n't make it look obvious.
The film was virtually complete the day of the explosion.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
The Direktor has actually torn up a huge section of my music.
Leave the bird alone.
The white Lamborghini is vanished , but there 's a red one behind me honking its horn.
A storm is coming.
What modifications were made to the robot ?.
It looks full.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
At the Rexford Palms Hotel , apparently , flat on my back.
This nose of mine has a sense of its own ... when it comes to knowing who 's a crook and who is n't.
I made a mess of everything but it was n't my fault.
- And he just called with the results.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
- Has n't got a name -.
They have used a liver with cancer and stewed it with curry sauce.
Do you own a gun , Mrs. Goldblume ?.
What 's missing is the proximity bomb.
Well , the last wall we built , could n't fortify it so we had to be real careful about hiding it.
40 meters in , bearing 221 , there should be a stairwell.
This service tunnel must be how they move back and forth.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
A fly got into the transmitter pod with me that first time when I was alone.
I heard my father say it was dead.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
Often we have problems with our monitors.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
But I had no idea it had mysterious powers.
Do n't you love this music ? -.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
It 's dead -.
Well , then it died in its sleep.
I 've boxed the Dragon for transport.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
His stuff has to be all folded very carefully and neatly put away in his drawers , all color - coded like his stupid socks.
You stole our dog !.
Take it , it 's yours.
It wo n't chip , peel , blister , crack , flake , or rust in any way.
So I left the country , blind.
Does it bite ?.
It 's not that dangerous when it bites , but it will poke.
I did it with mirrors.
A member of the Phoenix Foundation.
It frees us from burden , takes care of our needs.
Not on your ring finger.
What do you hope to learn ?.
This bottle of digitalis , was it empty ?.
I picked it up , and inside was one of those hypodermic things.
While I was walking back down ... I saw this little box.
I recommend the meat loaf.
We had a little accident.
I have n't finished it.
The human body is a world that moves , that pulsates.
It was a puzzle box.
My head is just fine.
Must repair wiring to memory.
Give it to me !.
It 's very dangerous.
We 're going to find her.
That new technique I used for sealing him up is terrific.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
It 's in this apple.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
The fiance , Charles Loverton - West.
He seems to be Major Eustace -.
But tell me ... The window where you found the body ; it was in the back of the library , overlooking the garden , yes ?.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
It has limited capabilities -.
It is the vessel that attacked us.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
Do not drink the tea.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
I 'll take it.
I understand that you are in charge of the remains from the night of the massacre ?.
I was in charge.
Nobody knows where it came from.
Down by the river.
I 'd say this an evil ghost The odor is very strong It 's back !.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
Monsieur Fingler , this jacket is too tight -.
Essentially that story is correct.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
It 's so ... single - minded , is n't it ?.
This is the very first Basotile ever created.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
My brother gave it to me before he went to jail.
I lent them money.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
Did you read her letter ?.
I am happy for your pretty pendant.
Here.
The maintenance men said they 'd be workin ' on it for weeks.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
It was drawn up in 1911.
Well , I am very touched by your offer and by your friend 's insanity but to my family , this desk is a symbol of America.
" of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
If your people have known for generations their sun is dying , why not simply evacuate the planet ?.
Take it without anyone seeing you.
Perhaps you would like to hear the tale ?.
- ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's a pair.
I 'll show you a shortcut !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Sometimes she cooks a pot roast.
I never saw it before.
It is so simple.
The sauce was excellent.
I 'm sure you 'll all enjoy it.
It 's not the same.
Tell your friends.
Now it 's a piece of junk.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
The probe is moving with us , holding relative position.
The society is genetically integrated.
Cmdr La Forge is especially ... It did n't finish sealing the plasma conduit.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
Everyone 's there but me with my fever and Countess Olenska.
Well , it 's legal.
- You 've got a fever , Frank -.
I saw her on a bus.
The door was unlocked.
Easy does it.
-Do you know how much this saddle is worth ?.
The quality of mercy is not strained.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
I 've got her medication.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The second is the staff divided into three sections symbolizing the body , mind and spirit.
The dragon has a wing.
See , Lear understood the world was decaying around him.
The car was coming straight at him.
It 's already passed your doorstep.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
Hated it.
- It 's about the computer -.
It contains much more than just emotions.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Do you have the chair , Commander ?.
Baltimore PD checked out Tooms 's apartment.
I want to go down !.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
BLACK BEAUTY : The bridge was flooded.
I bought a gun.
We ca n't stay here !.
What 's her last name ?.
He 'll really like the bird , I think.
I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
Death is n't an end.
I heard René le Florentin might like it.
There was no baby.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
You will take care of him ?.
I spent the better part of sixth grade crafting it.
What is your real fantasy ?.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
Hey , you 're wearing the receiver for my spy pen.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
Oh , it was in my yard.
- Why ?.
beeping ] A signal buoy ... popped to the surface 10 minutes ago.
UEO central computer recognized our inquiry.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
In my program , as I remember it , they should be launching a missile about 1800 hours.
I used that in the Aegean campaign.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
Get your hand off that.
The intelligence that was formed did n't just come out of the ship 's systems.
The real Molor died centuries ago.
Let me get rid of that candle.
I had to put the ink in the coffee pot to thaw it.
It 's in the bone !.
The fear 's too much for a duck.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
It seems Godzilla 's temperature is rising.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
The Alliance was formed to support you.
I 've just had a vacation with Len Bateson.
-I saw my name.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
There 's an air vent that leads directly to the chamber.
21 st century history is not one of my strong points.
The probe 's telemetry has changed.
Our probe would have detected that -.
- What 's it look like ? -.
I left here and travelled to a place.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
Three days ago you pulled a job at the Army Research Facility.
I think I nailed it.
I never keep it loaded.
Not bury the technology , but let it out.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
It was so thick no one could wear it.
Mary , you 'll find an eel in the fish pantry.
No one knows who fed you this information.
I do n't like cats , but when my dog died , he gave me a cat.
A tank is deaf and half - blind.
This rock is limestone.
One warning : This stuff is made primarily for humans.
The Council has lost its way.
I 've given them the island of Celini.
At 40 strokes , it will kill even a Narn.
The year is 2260.
Kudos on that hat joke.
You lock it up.
That I actually remembered it.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
I gave him my card.
The space station would 've saved itself.
Here 's the location of the real bomb.
The bomb almost exploded.
The missile was not significantly damaged.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
What a nice hat.
What a nice hat.
It 's a work of art.
What a big bell !.
Here.
Me too , except my arm has been bothering me.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Like John himself , the dream was grand.
I do n't care.
It is waiting for the wind to touch it.
You must learn to control it.
The missile 's fully programmed.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
You gave me a shock.
Great.
Did you get my machine out of the warehouse ?.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
This " gift " makes you see horrible images.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
I hope this tragedy can bring us all together.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
Yeah , they 're still debating it in the Council of Ministers.
There is a wondrous invention inside this building.
We 'll end up in his cryostatic prison for decades.
She mentions it several times.
It flies at her , shrieking.
Time itself has tried to punish me for my arrogance.
The Goa'uld has won.
This is the evil of cancen " _.
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
I 'm telling you , this was a valued rug.
And there was no time to do anything.
It ran right into Judith , and ... And she just disappeared.
Begging your pardon , my lady , but that mirror in your bedchamber did you move it ? -.
Do you further admit that this unnatural depiction ... occurred in full public view where it was accessible to ... and in plain sight of minor children ?.
It ca n't stop criminals in their tracks can it ?.
Put it down ! -.
By my reckoning ... Mars was visited by an alien species ... approximately one billion years ago.
( rumbling ) ( car alarm ) ( Frank ) It 's a Broadway theatre.
He has heard your music and it is good.
That night was Todd Sparrow his soul air.
The world breaks everyone.
The aperture of the phenomenon-- which I prefer to call an intermittent cyclical vortex-- is unfixed.
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Now , this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare , I assume.
- Yeah ?.
Its roots are deep and can withstand the worst storm.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
And the safest , quickest way , is using a claw hammer.
Manson , Bundy , Dahmer.
For one thing , it 's a confined area with only two ways in or out : this one , and that one over there.
If the Evil One is destroyed , it will bring a thousand years of peace.
I 've analyzed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless.
You have n't mentioned your letter.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
Except that the burst came from within the ship.
Well , if you think about it , the human body is just a machine.
We need a name.
There 's a file folder.
What is the Matrix ?.
It was a dream.
Abandoned in Queens.
We got a gun that was used in a homicide.
We have to see it.
-Better send it from Lieksa.
But there 's a place here called " Hemmeligheder " -.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
I was filming this dead bird.
-Arvid ... Remember when we had a cat ?.
Look at my nose.
The fucking lens has meters on it.
- Felix is trying to get acknowledged -.
I answered , " lt 's given up the ghost ".
Hear the Word of the Lord , Lord of the worlds whose anger was soothed by your prayers : The village of Polana will not be crushed by an iron rod , nor scattered like the desert sand.
How can a purse drop off from a closed handbag ?.
Nightmares are caused by irrational fear.
Somehow the beginning of the spell must 've been triggered.
That gun wo n't do anything to us.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
- Daisy likes it -.
It comes as naturally to us as talking does to humanoids.
I was on the Promenade.
Being unfettered by ethical subroutines has made me far more efficient.
This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
Well , this is the place.
Yes.
You can just pour it.
This transponder chip is completely untraceable.
Do n't hold nothing back.
We developed a program.
And this beach is ... perfect , man.
It should be ready by now.
It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded.
No more hitting on the head !.
I could n't have told you the city I was in.
Last week the toilet on the fourth floor would n't flush.
Gee , you broke it.
Tyrone , this is a stolen car , mate.
I 'll find him , and you 'll help me find him.
Listen.
So the 4x4 is yours ?.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
The pain is very deep.
Maybe you can say something about the film.
Anyway , you must taste this wine.
It was neither shot by you nor recovered later.
Seems wrong that I should die while the sun is still so bright.
Get it out of here.
Secure the room.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I think the spell is working.
At its present altitude , it 's been operating for over 200 years.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
The enemy has many spies in his service : Birds , beasts.
The Zeus cannon is a proven , effective weapon.
They cost so much money !.
I want you to tell me what will happen to that stick.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
World 's smallest camera.
In return , it provides power , longevity , protection.
What 's wiggedy - wack is your damn monkey -.
As night fell ... the two voyagers arrived at the castle of the Marquis d'Apcher ... who had offered them refuge in the Gevaudan region ... for as long as their mission endured.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
So you and the blonde found the meteor ?.
JACK : It 's flooded !.
You know , I really like this clay.
Yesterday , imagery Analysis delivered a file requested by Muir 's secretary to your office.
They call it a hybiarria out here.
This tunnel goes down.
Here 's a bug.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Strangely enough the dead girls were reborn as zombies.
I used it for the first time today.
- No.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
That last bolt struck the warp manifold.
When she came in " , I totally forgot about the camera.
The op - ed page is sad.
I think it works.
The key still wo n't go into you.
You seem unhappy.
- Maria has ten dicks -.
The ring looks beautiful on you.
I even built a model of the probe.
Your cortical node began to shut down.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
Actually , the interface she designed is full of flaws.
The iris is holding , but it 's starting to heat up.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
Nothing on or off world resembles the architecture.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
That line is obsolete.
Nothing was done.
That war is 1 000 years old or more.
YOUR FIRING SQUAD SHOULD HAVE DONE THE JOB FOR ME.
The tires felt a little splashy on the way over here.
THAT IS THE GENIUS OF THE N2 K , MR.
From the club.
I think you say some pretty smart things , John.
Are you in possession of my microfilm ? -.
In good conscience , I should say the custody hearing is probably a trick.
I solved the code.
Now apologize for your mistake and tell me ... When do I get to go ?.
That particular item is not for sale.
Good news.
Hear the dog howl !.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But a body once soiled can never be made pure.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
A fire in that fireplace.
The sex was polite.
And one day I found this note in my desk.
It starts with a kid.
His chip stopped working ?.
As an immortal being , I 'm afraid only you can give up your life.
She kills in the most fascinating way -.
We know how it kills.
I do n't even know where this store is.
The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought after.
You still need to work on that alarm.
So.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Find the problem , and fix it.
I wrote a song about the experience.
This chair is a little controversial.
The explosion.
How many more times can you go into that sarcophagus before it changes you ?.
-Toyota Camry.
It 's like the stash.
When she first came in that night , she did n't have the pack.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Fill this hole now !.
A guitar ?.
Tell me about your dream.
The thin skin , that 's the Earth 's crust.
A revolution is n't a gala dinner.
If there was no other ... Well then , if you 're going to push me , I would choose the right - hand weevil.
We come flying out over the kerb ... and your old red Charger is there.
-No.
The second hand is moving so slowly.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
The Rook is a fully autonomous operative.
Well ... I have an idea.
Its power is one of destruction.
The fish is a beautiful sight on a table.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Is it not building weapons of destruction for the sole purpose of mass killing ?.
Jill can you get the idea.
It was wired in a way that made it impossible to diffuse it.
Unfortunately , it 's been badly damaged.
' Does the moon really exist ? '.
Shipman " could refer to the airfield in the Mojave desert.
I have no need for the vampire 's soul.
It nearly decapitated me with my own stake.
I fought it once.
Piper 's club.
You can use the jet whenever you want.
Rinse it out and put it back where you found it.
Well , maybe you 'd like to see the phase - cannon assembly.
To quote Dr Frankenstein , " It 's alive ".
You see the show ? -.
The mother plant is the key.
So , it 's in park ?.
No , Tony , the canister.
It is the only way to protect our people.
The mission will only be successful if I 'm on it.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
That last truck is on the move.
When Aereon told this story to the Helion leaders ... I told her of you.
I 'm gon na need you to pop the trunk for me.
It 's a flying machine.
I left it at school.
If that wizar had been Howl , your heart would have been eaten.
That is best suitable as a cane , is n't it ?.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
The Senate is missing.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Did you read the latest draft ?.
That is , until it peaks.
There 's only one key to open the device.
You can see La Jument.
Where is it ?.
Been in the pool , destroyed any fingerprints that might have been on it.
I 'm selling the apartment.
We have turned the page of government interventionism ... The present debt was the illegitimate offspring of the military dictatorship.
Music on its own is silent.
How dare you expel my elder from my house ?.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
Julia , you tell me right now that you understand what I 'm saying.
A name , a history , anything -.
We have to narrow it down.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
We were defending our right to exist.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
I 'm producing a new game show.
I funded all the RD personally.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
The chair is intuitive.
We need to load it into the mainframe.
We 're treating him with antibiotics , but he is deteriorating.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
I think it 's a combination to open the ark -.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
That is why perfecting the drug is so important.
It is more than a defence against the Wraith.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
Well , for one , the price of steel has doubled.
When I got out in ' 91 , the first thing I did was go looking for Lauren and Serene.
I mean , I 'm not saying it 's her fault.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
I claim this cow for the damage it did.
It was constantly being changed for various reasons.
It has to do with the eclipse.
It must be lost.
- You dimed me out -.
I looked at this tree and i wondered if that branch had a purpose.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
I was touched by it.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
You do n't have to do this.
The texture is different.
This surveillance is terrible.
I traded it.
I saw a dog once.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
I do n't understand.
It has never ended.
An old maid ?.
The malachite table is especially nice.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Tell me where the missile is.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I can do it.
It 's capable of learning , evolving.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
The car 's disappeared.
It 's the sunlight.
Cup of tea -.
Major Reed and the Doctor have asked for a few minutes ... to show me their latest project.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Simply , Einstein 's ... attempt to ... explain the mind of God.
Which reminds me -- your sneaker factory in Canada -- I have a sneaker factory in Canada ?.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
But we do make one label using this method.
Very , very popular with the undergraduate girls.
The temple at Dakara is sacred to all Jaffa.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
Look , it 's an A.I. , an artificial intelligence.
The virus , it 's back !.
It 's not in some evidence lockup , is it ?.
There was this voice.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
The mountain lion you shot did it have a collar around its neck ?.
Security guard clocked him leaving his office after midnight -.
The case is closed.
What does the comb do ?.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
- Do n't hurt her.
The Grail.
True enough , this compass does not point north.
Send the energy back.
The text is great.
We were still talking when we reached the location.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
It was in your jacket.
Is it clear or is it milky ?.
I heard your trip went really well.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
Where does this road lead ?.
Well , it 's the most unbelievable thing you 've ever seen.
The murder weapon is not what killed him.
Do n't talk like that to Klara.
Minimum wage -.
Stay awake till ... Does this bus have a gas can ?.
But the very same frog , if it jumps into a pot of lukewarm water that is slowly brought to a boil , will just sit there and it wo n't move.
But the very same frog , if it jumps into a pot of lukewarm water that is slowly brought to a boil , will just sit there and it wo n't move.
all the strange things started to happen after writing the Recycle It 's because of this ?.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
Not in 60 seconds.
The mass is malignant.
Hey , I 'm picking up a large planetary body.
Have you tried turning it off and on again ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
That box is addressed to Joanne Raphelson.
Mr. Cain , where did you get that doll ?.
Mr. Monk , it 's a million dollars.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Lincoln ... It was him.
By the time he got back to Fort Douglas , the Shtriga disappeared.
Where is it ?.
You can start removing Max 's liver.
There 's no reason for the Wraith to be interested in that planet.
Last night I saw a shooting star.
You do n't have to make it breakfast.
It 's not a substitute.
The work being done in this place is important , Eko.
Yes , if the math checks out -.
That 's the beauty of your theory.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , that 's the Diamond Blossom.
She 's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
She 's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
The press is a tool.
Hey , have you looked at that Cat Lady sketch ?.
That article was awful.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
All I 'm saying is , is drag is a way for Caucasians to emasculate you and make you seem nonthreatening.
I just want to keep it safe.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
Interesting.
He has no idea what 's happening in England.
It looks a little jagged.
Ivory - billed woodpecker-- that 's what 's getting me through this.
This song just started coming to me.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
People are rising from the tyranny and oblivion to which we in the West have consigned them.
JOR - EL : Kal - El , the crystal you carry was made by Zor - El.
I like Raja now.
He still owns it , what , 20 years from now ?.
Yesterday in your bedroom , in your real bedroom , it did n't roll.
It 's phenomenal.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
Do n't tell me how to practice medicine.
- Aye.
Meet me on my home island on the day of the summer solstice.
He 'll never accept that offer.
Er ... they were taking a letter up to Breidholt for me.
I like the mask because it hides my face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
What do I have to be nervous about ?.
It 's for M. De Marigny , and was just handed to me.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
Sergeant Mulanax !.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I ca n't believe you did it.
Well , climate change is going to have a strong , fundamental impact on the global water cycle.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Grant yourself no regrets.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
The state adopted a radical solution to the problem.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Last week , I received a letter from an old friend in London.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
What I can say is that this strategy has patience and determination at its core.
Dye 's going into his liver , but it 's not coming out.
We have no way to — You got X - ray vision , House ?.
I DID ,.
Who else has seen this report ?.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
General , we 've made visual contact with a single drone.
It 's hitting the planet.
It 's my farm.
You did n't really like the movie , did you ?.
I must thank Your Eminence for the magnificent brooch you sent me.
The disease of Lutheranism.
Well , if it was human , it was nothing I 'd ever seen before.
Was it self - sustaining ?.
It 's going to go well -.
It smelled awful -- Tasted worse.
I think about the Infield Fly Rule.
Legs.
But the Monsterpus has loved us from afar since we were amoebas.
The formula must be destroyed.
Silly of me.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
The machine is out there.
It does n't feel pity or remorse or fear.
Yeah.
I do n't understand.
You know , I 'm glad you picked this place.
The bra is called the Harlequin.
The laundry is out of the hamper.
He 's got two offshore bank accounts on a Sheriff 's salary.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
But I was too scared to sneak into the school at night.
It 's for my little patients , The elves.
That 's the printer there ? -.
Does it need a code ?.
I like it.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The creature knows this territory well.
There 's no power.
The kidney is like a chandelier.
It 's not like a knife through butter , no , no , no , no.
Yeah , and the Lone Ranger did n't have a thing with Tonto.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Throw it out the window.
This episode 's gon na be great.
Your mom knits ?.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
Bring it back ! -.
I 've always really liked this color.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
Look , Garrison , my wife did n't want a penis in the house.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
Straight up trade , no questions asked.
We thought about using a natural - language interface but decided against it.
A machine is coming to kill you.
We climb inside the van.
Listen , this town is just up the road.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Look , it 's been ... very interesting working here , but ... I 'm a man of science , and this place is just ....
You took the cylinder.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
She was scared.
Politics is the art of the possible.
Where 's this bra from ?.
Something I love about the Snowflake Ball.
You wanted to have a normal life again.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
That 's why I was snooping around your house.
INSURGENTS WOULD HAVE USED AK-47 WITH 7.62 AMMO -- HAS MORE OF A " CRACK ".
TEAM SPIRIT.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
My mind is stronger than you ever thought !.
It matches a description of General Grievous ' fighter.
In fact , he stole it.
We have a girl named sienna burke over there.
And you , Bruno.
I found it in the downstairs bathroom.
You invaded our airspace.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The orca , or killer whale , is the king of the ocean.
It 's a great way to get a bunch of innocent people killed.
The cip firewall protects every major infrastructure system in this country.
- Madam President -.
It 's not silver.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
I see this liquor store across the street.
It has a taste for our family 's blood now.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
I thought I had a ring.
I told him your theory about capital punishment.
Well , it 's a beautiful color just the same.
One track was bent.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
Just outside Paris , they spot the radar , slow down.
The bullet went straight through.
Now do n't forget , the clasp is broken.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
Please tell me the truth.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
While discussing important objects , I put Anne 's marble on my desk.
We need to get inside Whitehall.
I beg you to hide the ring.
I feel somewhat responsible because it was the Flipper TV series that created this multi - billion - dollar industry.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
Unfortunately our secret is no longer safe , the foolish Hobbit revealed his name.
In 2007 it kidnapped Dr. Alistair Fleming and forced him to regrow its organic covering.
I 'm not crazy.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
This whole thing is falling apart.
E island is a mysterious place.
It 's called Labella 's.
- Lady mary -.
The movie received lukewarm reactions.
Have you even seen this show ?.
I do n't have a boat.
I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
A tire iron is great if you need a new tire.
If someone 's coming to kill you , get up early , kill them first ".
What is this ointment made from ?.
-Yeah.
Then Tony McHenry was killed when it locked up on the racetrack.
I think my arm is broken.
This is all your fault !.
So it can commit the brain to a remote computer ?.
Can you shut it down ?.
I do n't care !.
We can apply plus one.
The liver started to degrade.
It 's called " What 's The Point ? ".
It was brought here in 1903.
But the crust is so good.
What is the Crystal of Neahtid ?.
Where 's the laptop ?.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I do n't know what to do ... I often have this dream.
Then the cancer vanished.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
The path is alive.
Shaw , the storage yard is halfway across town.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Iori , you have to learn how to trust me.
It can give you great strength and power That 's addictive and destructive.
Let there be honest understanding.
It is submitted , Your Honor.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
This tubular pillar is crucial to the Buddha.
- Paul McVee is a fine reporter.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
You must join the FLN.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
I keep that gun for sentimental rea-- Do n't shoot !.
- So , you must be a very good one.
I boiled it for two minutes.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
The speech is gon na be epic.
I looked out the windows when we were in Lincolnshire , I saw this fucking tree.
Ask a cat if tripe should be taxable.
My father 's coffin- you found it ?.
I just want you to deliver a message , that 's all.
See , my point is that a robot could benefit from being in the real world.
Look at the tag.
It 's airtight.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
The bitch !.
So they turn around the earth all day and return to Belgium at night , to sleep.
Alice ... Have you seen my gun ?.
This rock has been waiting for me my entire life.
The rabbit ... No can do.
I fear I slept through most of it.
Excuse me , Your Grace , are you suggesting we oppose the war on humanitarian grounds ?.
You do n't like the vacuum sweeper ?.
My mentor who ran this place before me left it to me in his will.
Look , I 've had several complaints , but the company is not going to admit it made a mistake.
I 'll fuck up my car.
But marriage is n't a prize , is it ?.
GRUNTS ] Look , the legend of Siobhan McDougal is just a ghost story.
The soap is old - style.
H - hour is midnight.
No , but you once used it to take the Sword and compass from me.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
Oh , I found your mustache.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Where would you hide a coin ?.
I saw this advertisement for a limp corrector.
I 've been admiring your scar.
The dog is gone.
Since a spot opened up at billingsley academy.
this place is amazing !.
The city is ... Do not enter the city.
A fungus ate it ?.
It was her final exhalation.
The Scarlet Letter.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
This dark force is like a disease.
It can see your thoughts and feelings.
And it 's on this DVD.
We found the container.
He suspected they were buying small arms from a corrupt source inside the Navy.
The service road from the south is the likeliest entry point.
Even if we get eyes in ... The front door opens the wrong way.
It 's good for Tyler to have you in the house -.
I can help you get it.
I got a resin mold here.
15 million people globally ... could end up below the poverty line again.
The murderer is still a free man.
What do we know about the planet ?.
Most of the honey was given away as a gift.
" for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
Do you still have your mitt ?.
Lady Rochford and other maids of Her Majesty have come forward with corroborating evidence of their frequent intimacies.
Chance is all over it.
What pen ?.
The blood - type of the semen 's donor is the rare RH - A type.
Alex , your movie just blew up.
It is really good.
And this one is 15.
G.D. Was the last place hit.
You once asked if I could remember my mother 's name.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
You discovered it at a flea market.
Surveilling this conference is gon na be difficult.
I took him to the baths.
I thought it was such a great idea For you to go live with your grandfather.
I was hired to deliver a box ... as specified , unopened.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Why was she wearing the suit ?.
Why was she wearing the suit ?.
Could you make out the model or make ?.
Tomorrow you 'll hold court for the first time.
It 's one of the highest moral virtues.
Kick the dog.
It protects you.
Commit this address to memory.
When Reed got off the prison bus , you notice him carrying a duffel bag or a box or anything ?.
You can read it if you want now.
The cluster would be the one place they feel safe.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
Where is my satchel ?.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
The Kraken is the end of us.
The air is cleared.
I 'm looking for this note.
It kind of just blew into your store.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Belgrano is sailing directly away from the islands.
This tiger wants a bed.
I love it.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It 's okay , the saw has a safety device.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
That 's where the wolf makes its lair.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
Why would I have bothered to take this thing ?.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
It 's this world that I 'm worried about , Talget , not the next.
I hope that the row with Paul was not something serious.
Where is ... where is the e - mail ?.
Now she 's gon na read it , and she 's gon na think it 's from me !.
I got a text message from last night.
We give the residue the half - life we want.
It 's one of my favorites.
It 's called Jaws.
The slap was a nice touch ... Oscar - worthy.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
How incredibly deadly is it ?.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
It rises up the side of it.
It licks them.
It came with the car.
I threw it in the lake.
LOIS GROANS ] I carved it out of a piece of dwarf star material.
The world is a beautiful place.
The Grand Canyon.
It 's complicated.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
The mainframe is inaccessible.
I first heard this music on Earth.
It is the core of all humans.
I 'd like to see the fortress.
You own a green BMW ?.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
And from his father before him ?.
His gift of wine was tainted with death.
You think you can do this work day in , day out and you do n't carry it with you ?.
It 's already loaded.
It gave The Arcadian a regal elegance.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
We have all sullied it with our greed and lechery.
To the victor , the spoils.
- Do n't tell me you 're tired.
In its stable form it powers reactors.
Protocol for a cleaner in a foreign theater is to establish a storage space.
What ?.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
A rugby team ... is like the Foreign Legion.
- Was it on TV ? -.
From the couch , I 'm guessing , since he was stoned.
It 's kept me from getting caught.
If you were n't around ... I spent so much money on you !.
I spent so much money on you !.
The worm !.
I have n't seen one of these in a while.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
Melody said you were n't in school and now I know why -.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
So that means you 're willing to give me another shot ?.
This ring is pretty amazing.
Your humanity is killing you.
It is , and all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.
It 's a movie ?.
I think he might be one of your patients.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
You have an air conditioner that works ?.
The virus is too dangerous to be released into the world !.
Is it lined with credit cards and flat screen TVs ?.
I could n't save you.
We 're gon na have to clamp the vascular supply proximally.
Come on.
The force here in this house is larger than the many individual traumas.
It wants to break through.
It wants to move in our world.
It has been said that this box contains the ultimate secret.
Gun , knife , beaten to death ?.
It 's not in the basement ?.
This is how I get to put Greendale on the map.
This place is unbelievable.
We needed the data on that box.
The past is a tricky thing.
Daddy , I ca n't live with her anymore.
I have the advantage over my adversaries in that I know what cards they hold whereas they are oblivious to my hand.
If you 're a communist , join the Viet Minh.
You 're my only friend , Margeir.
How many times has the crescent moon become the full moon.
How many times has the crescent moon become the full moon.
You are beautiful , my Sultan.
This baby is fully equipped.
There 's no bouquet.
Our world is not more transparent now.
This place is not so bad.
But it 's got wings , so it flies above the neighborhood.
Look at my neck !.
It ca n't be the same one because her pearls are in this safe the manufacturer clearly explained is uncrackable.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
Give Dad a kiss ?.
It was so big and it was so bright.
It was so big and it was so bright.
Thanks to its all - natural microfibers , the Thneed is super - absorbent !.
I 'm Camilla.
It would be impolite not to wear it.
But the cat turned on me.
You will let me build a round nuclear weapon.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
And I do n't even have a uterus.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Do you have my ring ?.
There was a bone.
It 's a gaming laptop.
There is nothing evil about wanting more.
According to witnesses , I can find Barberis ... Not bad for an office guy , huh ?.
This whole thing was supposed to go off without a hitch.
The fever returns ?.
It 's frozen from the Dixie Stop.
Well , when it went missing , it was a perfectly normal grad student named Charles Durbin.
I should have destroyed it , but I was too damn proud of myself.
It assumes we 're the end.
I had this happen once with a garage door opener.
The aliens.
Your hands are much more sensitive than mine thanks to your condition , so I 'm more than willing to leave this to you.
I can not be a man with wishing , therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
Well , you 're fortunate you have someone that loves you.
This is your team.
I want you to use it again.
I ca n't find my tiger !.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
- The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
I wanted it to run faster , so I smacked its butt.
Your fish.
Maybe we should just get rid of the body -.
Hmm , it was on a washing machine.
Oh , my God , the anomaly , it opened.
In the spring.
Come on , you were zigging and zagging like a rastafarian.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
- He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
Yes , but Mr. Gardner can answer to his own testimony.
Yeah , you told me Rosebud was Stone.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
Division agents only respect what they 've been made to fear.
Look at it !.
This the original zombie movie.
When you were 4 years old , you came home one day with a cat.
This hummus is wonderful.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
The abduction was unexpected.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
Curse of my life.
You asked me if the machine was capable of learning human nature.
You 'll have access to all the camera feeds through your cell phone.
So my penis is fine , right ?.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Ready.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
In the name of rationalisation , the government further degrades the railways.
The public power company was not built by the private sector.
The public power company was not built by the private sector.
The barn saved you last time.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
There 's a stream -.
If it was because of the blood , I 'd have done it in the morning.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
Like the " Mona Lisa " with a lot of expectations !.
Dr. Ross , you 'll make sure that the liver gets here ?.
Now , you can wait for the computers to confirm it if you like , but Wade Crewes lied to you about that murder weapon.
My mom kept a diary.
And not one of the arresting officers was able to tell me where the tip came from.
The elders say , someone has cursed the sea.
Did you see it ?.
A thicker sound was a better sound.
I like this song.
Loki 's mind is far afield.
Jay , you fool.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
It 's not charging.
The planet was Furya.
It 's golden , French , 1800s.
But you ... You have a gift.
The river is flooding.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
It 's raised five foot since then.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
It changes matter into dark matter.
But to answer your question , the Lo - yack is an excellent product.
Do n't touch it.
The ladder my soul must ascend to heaven.
With a snake around her neck.
The cheese will be served when I want it served.
Where is the camera ?.
We were talkin ' about the old library.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
My cock is hard.
It does not break.
If my cock could win a medal , it would.
Wars should be won over it , kingdoms fallen because of it.
Chuckles ] Crazy Little Thing made close to $ 300 million worldwide.
I love this place.
My agent sent it How did he get hold of it ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
This old copper jug.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
If it made it down your esophagus , it should travel the rest of the way.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Why did it disappear when Markussen died ?.
The Code noir a decree that dictated the conditions of slavery , did not exist on these grounds.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I had a deal that put your name right next to mine.
Of course it 's for daytime entertainment.
Unroll it like this , and the story flows out in the pictures.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
Did he kill Norma Rivera ?.
Lyric was telling me about this blue ring her grandmother used to have.
Hey , if it is n't Jay Plunkett.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
You did n't know that that was a part of the plan , did you ?.
I lied.
Eriksson suggests that the investigation is dead.
But I 'm Chris Brown.
Speaking of Chris Brown , I 'm gon na start to batter.
Actually , it 's in the Kingdom of Damarian on the north shore of the Dragon Fields of Zorn.
It cured me , August.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
You scare me so much ... that I can neither move nor flee.
The coolness of the Benguela Current brought the penguins here but that very coolness is a great disadvantage , because it generates little rain.
The advancing Sahara vaporised the world 's largest lake , leaving behind the silvery remains of countless microscopic algae.
He was a smartass kid.
Let 's go !.
I do n't know where it is -.
Okay , Neruda , this play is extremely complicated.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Coast Guard is monitoring the waterways.
National service , it has become worthless.
Busted up your ride , racing around town like you got a Mad Tyte JDM ?.
You were raised far from reality.
If it does n't work , there 's another way.
It 's about two hours outside of Denver.
Your mom really does hate change.
The Spear of Longinus ?.
The Spear of Longinus ?.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Like a black hole.
So tell me , where did you move the machine ?.
You made the machine to protect everybody.
Is our personality genetically pre - programmed ?.
Maybe you need to wake up , start thinking for yourself ?.
- I 'm not snapping -.
Yes , but it does n't breathe.
So , when it 's washed up , it 's dead ?.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Well , it 's ... Yeah.
Friends do n't call friends names.
They would n't even let him see the body.
I am looking for the owner of a hubot.
I packed your suitcase.
You 're refusing to sign the statement ?.
Did you find that book in this box ?.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
You dropped your gun.
If enough voices cry out , they become one voice that can not be ignored.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
How many mermaids could they summon in an emergency ?.
Just because I printed a fork does not mean my research is a joke.
There 's a junkyard in Tarrytown with an industrial car compactor.
Anslo Garrick ?.
Well , it is possible to stop it -.
what , did somebody call in a missing doughnut ?.
You got a bra in my silverware drawer -.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
And you still can change everything.
Two cars we have n't tried yet -.
It got wedged in.
Well , it was a really good crowd.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
His grief is n't new.
The Box ?.
I remember when this song was just considered bad.
I can flip the switches.
The storm can not be stopped.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
Sure ?.
That carriage vanished , so it must be somewhere.
Somewhere its massive appetite for power can be met.
Somewhere its massive appetite for power can be met.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
Hey , I have an amazing idea for an act.
It is the summit of this great wealth ... bestowing power ... upon he who bears it.
I fear it would make him worse.
That frog is not poisonous.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
The Death Wolf is n't a demon.
There 's something wrong with it.
Yeah , you can run , but if you leave those gates ... I swear to you , your hideous doppelganger ... who looks a lot like the lead singer of the Counting Crows ... will get it !.
When you sold it to Robbie , how 'd you get it back ?.
I know a man , ex - member himself , very useful at sorting out our scrapes over the years.
You broke my arm !.
But it does n't read as the wrong card now.
- It ha ... it has night vision -.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
So , the needle , you have to secure it.
His cock was like a battering ram.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
Check the data on it.
I have a bad connection.
The weapons ' rack is stocked with the latest and the greatest.
More Than in Cheers.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's clear the President sees you as a friend.
What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost -- or what 's left of it.
The fan base is immense.
Anything , mosaic works , as well.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Or find someone to do it for you.
My boy 's wound wo n't heal.
There will always be people with a need for companionship and ... and connection.
Your plan worked.
I mean , I knew they were bad , but they had a code.
He ca n't help it !.
I am a dungeon master.
Hey , quick , turn off your car.
There is a bone in the back of your ear.
People want this.
It 's a lucky charm -.
And then there 's the coral growth.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
It 's leaving New York tomorrow for Venice , Italy.
The sun throws a certain amount of energy onto this planet.
Do you like the rabbit ?.
The plan is constantly evolving , Sue.
So much pain this body has seen.
I converted it , and I live inside.
No , the sex was fine.
I found your Mustang.
I stole it from his office.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
The address calculation code.
I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
I learned that the day you kicked out the crate from beneath me.
If he has the poison , just treat him.
First , the lichen is not a cure.
Our enemy is not a killer.
What about it ?.
Then the Aswang would flick its long black tongue and eat the baby.
We have the same microwave.
Dildos and toys are on the wall.
I wondered if I might ask you a few questions about the man that mugged you.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
I broke the encryption.
We lost 160 men ... a ... a catastrophic propeller malfunction of some kind.
Besides the fact that I have bone cancer , I 'm great.
It 's a small town , big of heart.
No , my gut says that whoever ran away is our killer and that Lily Greene is a completely innocent schoolteacher who just had the worst night of her life.
This case was never for me.
" This is super awkward ".
You always keep a machete in your room ?.
How does it work ?.
Did you find the mouse yet ?.
The French arranged it with my mother.
I 've smoked so much pot , it 's in one of those hospitals learning to walk again.
In 21 , we 'll turn on each other.
Quarantine the healthy animals.
The Ficus is an aggressive grower ;.
My right.
Why , you 're ... You 're a freak.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
You throw a noodle up on the ceiling.
It was n't great.
But that line was n't a line from your paper.
My freedom is temporary.
They dumped it in the basin.
We need to make a decision and commit to it.
You do n't need to be liked.
Hey , we opened the file.
To free him would reveal what you are to him.
There it is , in my purse.
Claudette.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
The rest of us are dehydrated , aslee-- It came through the brush.
There 's an alien life - form fusing with your human DNA.
I have been deconstructing the Espheni whistle you brought back.
Before his untimely death , my brother implemented a safeguard.
There is a bad stash of gear coming into the prison.
Last night my printer went off by itself.
I can hear the recorder in your pocket.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
But a nuclear core is no rocket.
Can you get anything from your computer ?.
Turn the noise down !.
What do you want with the acetate , Midnite ?.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
You told me you would n't help me fight a war , John.
- Honestly ... This is the last time I give you a plant -.
This couch is terrible.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , too , Caleb.
It could be broken.
His solution was correct.
I 'm Reese.
But from my first hearing of it , this tale has haunted me.
And I love my Ford Flex.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
Felt weird pointing a rifle at you even if it were n't loaded.
I can not carry this body with me.
Have you seen it anywhere ?.
I do n't have the page !.
♪ It 's true ♪ Old friends are just such a waste ♪ The coach was heading to London.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
How is this jackass stuck ?.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
He 's a BB unit with a selenium drive ... and a thermal hyperscan vindicator.
I thought you said the dog was dead.
What happened to your hand ?.
The box ?.
Although , this is the ugliest fucking necklace I 've ever seen !.
I have a job for you.
Keep them.
Well , they 're right in some level , because our economy is based on materialism , it 's based on these kinds of values.
- You got ta show them your panties.
This group is the only thing that 's kept me sane here.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
We 're gon na give you an even closer look at our Mosasaurus.
It leads to an elevator.
A violence initiated by these evil men ... will be brought to justice ... in the name of decency ... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán.
One skin cell , one strand of hair , that 's all I need to grow a piece of Aleister.
I think Grandpa planted it the year mum was born.
But this film is different.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
This fruit is defective.
It 's all nasty and bruised up.
This piece of writing is".obscene.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
Emergency room bill.
Oh , you guys are very sweet.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
We 've been combing through the employee records , looking for a shell -.
The plan 's perfect.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
You look so different.
I 'm at the library.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
Do this , and you will never lay your hands on the cipher.
I think it 's time for us to rebuild our family.
Everyone knew you were the famous Dr. Thackery.
Our connection runs much deeper than a hand print.
The last thing your mother said to me was your name.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
You asked Dave if I had a blue ja ... I saw a blue jacket in the woods with a bloodstain on it.
Oh , yeah , there 's some sort of an odor.
I keep you because you 're a serpent.
Your memory palace is building.
But this city is n't a caterpillar.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Mrs. DiLaurentis saw Spencer in the backyard and told the police ?.
It 's due east now.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
This city does n't deserve a better tomorrow.
If it continues , the peacekeeping mission will fall apart.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
Now , even if you wanted to kill someone with a guitar , you would naturally grab it by the neck , not the body.
Because tomorrow ... This is happening.
Anyone on blaine 's trail will be in danger And we ca n't warn them.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
The machine they 're building.
We had the boy 's body in the morgue.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
You saw Kurd 's ghost ?.
Father told me that that chapel was n't built only for you , but also for me.
You know about immigration law ?.
I do read Henry 's bible.
It does n't heat well.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
The stroller is empty !.
Blow it up !.
Your plan relies on the cooperation of a fickle English queen who does not take kindly to the advice of others.
Please tell me you have the camera -.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
I liked it.
What changed everything ?.
I was able to re - inflate it with a chest tube , And will start him on a prophylactic antibiotic.
It has a percussion cap , Which causes it to essentially explode.
I 'm not waiting any longer.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
Any secret , no matter how small , can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you.
The real bomber is inside the Bureau.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
I 've had it for many years.
The Quaken was just being defensive.
This plan is insane.
What do you think of this color ?.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
Aya 's stake was cursed.
Whatever deal you made to get your revenge on Gold , it 's not worth it.
Which was the standard in Europe from the fifth to the 19th century.
The human soul is corrupt.
The human soul is corrupt.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
I wanted to return your cassette.
If you want beauty , printed rayon bare jersey will have bright and beautiful colors.
The Darkness is coming.
She 's the ... What ?.
What is it ?.
The world ai n't all Dilly Bars and debutante balls.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
This bird is no good.
The dark dimension is volatile.
" Then , he leaned in to kiss her , and finally said ... " Oh , that 's rich.
I built it for you.
The Wonder is just a ship.
My family feels an unspeakable joy at the hope of Christ 's return.
This sweater goes with everything.
4 - 5 - 5 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - B. That number does not exist.
Damn it !.
Do you know when the voice is gon na speak ?.
( CHUCKLES ) Its sight operates on probability , so it can foresee the most likely immediate future.
This mission is cursed.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
I had hoped to climb to the top of the Eiffel Tower , but the Nazis had closed it during the occupation , and it had yet to reopen.
- Cursed ? -.
It 's saved several lives.
- There 's a reward -.
- Yes , we 've ... - We have a new supplier contract.
There is a code on the VIP entrance.
Confirmation of the application -.
Marseille has to move with the times.
April 14th ... Arrivals hall , immigration line.
What if Davis Main find out you faked evidence ?.
It was a simple little commercial.
It was a simple little commercial.
Is it wise to administer a hypertonic saline to a cardiac arrest patient ?.
Because Orus is dead ... and father , destroyed.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
And to the horror of everyone , he killed that little cat.
Do n't give me shit , Koen.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
Did you make Dr. Ronald 's tongue ring , too ?.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
So the bug 's in place ?.
Have you ever seen a fairy ?.
Your female instinct , what does it tell you ?.
Goes up , delivers the capsule into an elliptical orbit.
Two - way mirrors , just like the cops use , huh ?.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
Because eating a cheeseburger is a better option ?.
It can charge an electric car for thousands of miles.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
He already is with the souls of all of those Argus agents that he just killed.
The world is what 's insane.
I 've been lying to myself , trying to hold on.
I wish I had another week to edit.
We do n't even know if Congress will approve the appropriation for the bailout.
Why are the Yakuza digging a hole ?.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
This city is screwed up because of you.
More dangerous and unpredictable than any hurricane.
More dangerous and unpredictable than any hurricane.
Because some faux version of your brother is upset with something that you did in a fake reality ?.
Hey , Marina 's strong , but so are we.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
Can you see ... Can you see that little yellow star at the end of that curve ?.
Mi amor ... There was a tunnel under the barn.
It is a living , breathing entity.
It is a magical energy.
The terrorist took it.
Say , Iris , you look amazing.
When I got there , I could n't find it anywhere.
Welcome to my cabin in the woods.
This TV station is old.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
It was the end of last year.
Tell me about the film you saw.
You did n't think the war was right ?.
I tracked the last package to the Midtown post office it was mailed from.
This road is not closed.
The virus protection software I told you about.
I miss the sex.
I mean , it 's not Spotlight at the Boston Globe.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
_ JEN : I 'm telling you , there 's a rat in the attic.
What about your surgery ?.
You know , the surgery went well.
Uh , like I said , he was a senior board member.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
Angie , found the murder weapon.
And ... before he worked at the Gem Soc , he sold jewelry in Paris at the first shop robbed by the Marquise.
It 's cool , it 's cool.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
That pod ... It 's identical to mine.
Once we plug in the machine , everything will become clear , I 'm sure of it.
You do n't even know what it does.
The altar is sacred--.
It 's confidential.
I love your movie.
I love this town.
I found it among Miss Bai 's things.
There are stages to a demonic possession , my friend.
This Mazda is a smartphone.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
Cássia , I 'm already fixing the alarm.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
They want to see an end to this war.
This invention has taken the world by storm in just the last couple of years.
My body is only part of me.
That East and West were separating people into " us " or " them ".
A magic unlike any other.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
( DOG WHINES ) Are you adopting a puppy , Mr. Harding ?.
I just had no idea what the solution would do to me.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Why are you so interested in hearing it ?.
Do we have a copy of the Nootka Sound treaty yet ?.
At the moment , my body is going to the bank.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
No , the key was real.
You were wrong.
She sent it four days ago.
- Wow -.
I think I know who took one of the vibrators.
Something found in bug saliva.
The stone is kyanite.
Now , stand up.
Most turbocharged engines are a bit wheezy at the top end , but because the twin - scroll turbo in this is mounted in the V of the engine ... just like it is in a Ferrari California , coincidentally , the rev counter is still a blur This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
This engine is ... it 's a masterpiece.
So this mist , you hope it 'll disappear again ?.
It saved me.
This job is going to change you.
The body adapts.
What about it ?.
