Let 's talk about it over dinner tonight.
-A popular Argentinean song.
Gabrielle Delange , that killer was you.
You return from Europe with a masterpiece worth $ 100,000 , and instead of displaying it yourself , you let me unveil it at my party for Captain Spaulding.
Hooray for Captain Spaulding ....
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
It 's Beaugard 's " After the Hunt ".
- I 'm sorry , ladies , we 'll have to postpone the wedding for a few days.
Mother 's going to unveil it tonight.
You got ta find it.
We 'd all enjoy a few words from Mr. Chandler , who will tell us something of Beaugard 's life and work.
It 's gone -.
The painting you changed last night.
Beaugard is dead.
That 's a spinach -.
This painting was n't stolen.
Wellmore here is sending a bull train clear through to old Tom Williams 's trading post.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
It seems to me you 're forcing yourself on this lady.
Well , you tell him that you do n't want me for your squaw.
Yes , sir , that pork is nearly done right now.
I do n't mind fists or feet , or even a gun.
Looks like Crows and Cheyennes , Zeke.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Oh , Zeke says that Breck Coleman can take care of himself.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
Well , a young fella named Breck Coleman left it with me , and he told me to give it to you in case he did n't show up.
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... ".
The kulak Belokon sabotages our work , hides the seeds and kills the livestock ... " I 'm not giving it away !.
In the city they want to know , if the tractor has arrived.
- Good night ! -.
It 's about me.
With me it 's a closed book.
With me it 's a closed book.
Awful bad -.
L ... Well , gee , I ... - I 'll be working New Year 's Eve -.
Say , there 's a lonesome touring car down the street.
Yeah , but Rico 's wreath beat them all.
If you ai n't out of town by tomorrow morning you wo n't ever leave it except in a pine box.
Do you like it ?.
Give it to him , Rico !.
Reinhold tried to kiss me , and I let him have it ! ".
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
The Berolina Statue , the old symbol of Berlin , high above the Alexanderplatz ― they tore it down.
I do n't use invisible ink.
It looks very inviting.
The Abbey could be very attractive , but I should imagine it would need quite extensive repairs.
And when the dream came , it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
He opened a vein in his arm and he made me drink ... What is it ?.
This is Professor Van Helsing.
You look like a different woman.
Eva , my daughter !.
It understands this time.
He said beat it.
Tell me , have n't you any new clothes ?.
Where were you before you came here ? –.
She gave me a present –.
That 's a month apiece [.
Do n't tell me you were drunk and do n't remember -.
About the Siberian bloodhound ?.
This house is haunted -.
You 've got to be the man of the family now.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
He 's one of Paddy Ryan 's gang.
Joan , you mean you actually took it.
If you 'd wanted something all your life and fate laid it right in your palm ?.
They call it " The Stolen Jools ".
Take it away before the Board of Health gets here.
I think it is , General Shubin -.
Photographs of his dispatches to Russia.
It would be glorious to go with you but I may never be able to see all those splendid things.
What a perfect gentle knight you are , commander.
You do n't seem very excited about it.
Listen to this , the bank was robbed last night.
Bank 's broke.
You 're protecting somebody -.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
I need $ 1 million in cash , and I 've got to have it quick.
Kelly , call me up in Cluet 's office in about five minutes.
But you said it was safe.
Only there was a tremendously large yellow moon up in the sky.
-Have you seen Mrs. Faraday ?.
I have n't got any anymore.
I 've made friends with her ballet master , Pimenov.
The child has come.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
The trustees have a few suggestions.
- The trustees have a few suggestions.
It does n't look like me.
It does n't look like me -.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
I 'll not bungle this shot.
It 's adorable.
It 's adorable.
It 's the latest model.
Get out of here and get that piano out of that box ! -.
I left the boat here for the same reason I took it at Saigon -.
Some new kind of an alarm clock ?.
The more acid , the quicker the liquid rubber resents the insult , and stiffens up into an indignant mass.
Dennis is sending me out on my first field trip.
It 's bad money.
I hear you 're getting a new car.
They tell me O'Hara was killed in his flower shop this morning -.
The North Side , the South Side.
I owe you my life and I wo nt forget it.
I thought I hated this country.
Old man hyena sounds pretty lively -.
If I sold it , I would get ....
- I remember -.
I got it in the saddlebag.
We can settle down for life and live on the fat of the land.
Do you want to arouse the entire house ?.
Do you remember it ?.
Well , I ... I do n't see it on you.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
Is it in your bag ?.
It 's hidden in the folds of your gown -.
Is it very close to your fair white skin ?.
You 're a busy man , but I must see you.
- But sir ... I 'll give myself the Firefly medal.
The room will be warm soon.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It 's a drug that 's made from a flower that 's grown in India.
It was tried out on some poor animal - a dog , I believe.
It was pulled clean out of me hands , sir.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
You must keep him calm and quiet for tonight.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
I tell you , there 's something on that island that no white man has ever seen -.
Who do you suppose could have built it ?.
The foreigner , he promised 15 thalers for a bed.
Merzbach , this is monstrous !.
There 's a fire in the lodge ! -.
He 's been eating that phoney fruit.
It 's your little brother Charlie.
I 'm dyingto hear Oliver 's story -.
It 's the silliest thing I 've ever heard.
All you have to do is press the button in the back And it walks out by itself.
- That 's fine.
Oh , is she a dream and you should see that dream walking.
What a linguist !.
A perfect specimen of the Neanderthal Man.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak.
Listen monkey face , when you fired me , you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
It 's a toothbrush , thanks.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Call it " The Hitchhiker 's Hail ".
Are you going to see him ? -.
Julie 's going to have a baby.
You can give it a try with my fishing pole ... but I ca n't guarantee anything.
There 's an error on the registration form of the man they sent down below.
We had a slight accident -.
You are a smartie.
You are a smartie.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
Green Studebaker , at the Longchamp Hermitage.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
It 's a green Studebaker , at the Hermitage.
What ?.
Do you know Marseilles ?.
Did you find it at an antique store ?.
We must never do this again.
This is his luggage , but I think he 's in his cabin.
Cheetah , that is n't funny.
With Tarzan 's memory.
But Harry , we 've got to get through to Tarzan.
Are you willing to swear to a complaint for this guy 's plugging you ?.
Where 's Asta ?.
I was hoping you 'd find out who did it -.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
Wynant went to Julia 's apartment and found Morelli there.
I 'm not going to get married , and I 'm not having any children.
They were very carefully preserved ... and the body was just as carefully destroyed.
And the little friend of Nunheim 's , the frying - pan juggler , there.
Clyde Wynant did not kill Julia.
I 've been cursed for delving into the mysteries of life.
Just as in life.
Just as in life -.
Just as in life -.
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you.
We could use more food , but there 's no money left.
Do you know what women who look for work are ?.
Put new men into the boats -.
This island is n't real for you and me.
Yes , but everybody loved him.
Mr. Fryer , you say I was armed with a bayonet -.
Listen , Gottlieb , nix on the lovemaking , because I saw Mrs. Claypool first.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
I have n't been in Canada in years.
The party of the first part shall be known in this contract ... " as the party of the first part ".
I have a joint account with my husband and I 'd Iike to fix it that nobody can draw the money out but me.
Get off my train !.
But if I saw what I thought I saw ... I 've had my last bottle.
- Lock me in , Timothy -.
Do n't open that door before sunrise.
So you 've seen this monster before ?.
Then it suddenly struck me.
I did n't know you were married -.
We are tendering this little surprise party for the ... Will you keep out of the kitchen ?.
- But , Aunt Katherine ... - Give me that phone.
This is a new year , the time for resolutions.
- She 's hot looking , ai n't she ? -.
And , even if ... Selma does decide to get a divorce , how do I know you wo n't fight it ?.
You want me to stand out there while Nick might be in trouble ? -.
- No , what ?.
She did n't do it.
I found it in Pedro 's apartment.
You know , that check of Robert 's for $ 20,000 was a forgery -.
Ask him why he threw your gun away , Selma.
Do you know that you 've got a nice voice ?.
If my terms are acceptable , instruct your colonel to raise the white flag.
I have made up my mind to accept 2,200,000 francs.
2,200,000 francs.
There 's something wrong with my car.
I 'll be through in a second.
But do you think it goes with those trousers ?.
You had it in your eye.
It 's in the inside pocket of your coat and it is n't chicken anymore.
It is in my inside pocket.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
We came to see you about the pearl necklace.
You see , the necklace that you sold mademoiselle is really very beautiful but too expensive for us , and I 'm afraid we 'll have to return it -.
Hurry , it 's almost daylight.
Congratulations , 90 percent of them ".
They 'll get a legal trial in a legal courtroom.
My husband says it would be a blessing if the community would forget what happened.
I am a citizen of Strand who helped clean up the jail mess.
The shortest road to the village is over the moor.
Now , you fired him , the best man we ever had on libel -.
It 'll have to be within the next six weeks.
Bill , there 's a telegram for you.
Give the gentleman a cigar.
Once and for all , I am not attending the bazaar.
You know the Burns - Norvells.
I can explain that thing.
No , but I will get the power of attorney.
The treasurer reports a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year.
Grant 's tomb.
I 'd rather have Mandrake Falls -.
I 've been workin ' on a poem.
That goo that tastes like soap.
You listen to this - when we make an agreement , it is an agreement.
I got some presents for ya.
- They wo n't fit your guns.
You 'd better take a club sandwich out of this hat.
She 's the most wonderful little teacher I 've ever heard of.
It 's funny how we met , and all that 's happened to us since.
When he took it into his eccentric old head to die last spring he left half of his fortune of nearly a million pounds to the London University for the purposes of entomological research -.
My assistant , Bailey , had his appendix out last night.
Why , the wound on Dearden 's hand is an inch shorter and horizontal.
And bring this book as a present.
Your grandfather 's legacy must n't be touched.
Is n't it the most beautiful day ?.
He drew nine three times.
Baron de Varville is not a patient man and you 're in the mood to quarrel tonight.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
I accepted her favors because I thought she loved me.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
You are a friend of Captain Buckler 's.
I did n't open it , it was for you.
We 're a hopelessly happy married couple.
It 's an old tune , but it 's still good.
What was the name of that little hotel ?.
I do n't remember the name or how we got there -.
If I may say so , sir , my favourite opera is Cavelleria Rusticana.
It 's an unusual story.
It 's always ridiculous to reason with a man in love.
It 's always ridiculous to reason with a man in love.
You must be very happy , Lady Barker -.
Oh , I thought it was only a sub - committee meeting.
He said she had blonde hair , blue eyes , my figure and a slight foreign accent.
It 's all right with me.
Your nephew is a superb soldier.
I did it for my country.
Besides , I bet you never had breakfast in bed.
I said some people might think eating off of trays was sissy.
It 's the very first way anybody ever saw Treasure Island.
He says if we do n't let him and Pogey Williams and Alvin Savage ... join the Buffaloes ... - I 'll have to leave school -.
You went to the dentist and came back late , and I did n't get a chance to tell you -.
Persons in Coventry do not speak after a class is dismissed.
Why , he owns the boat I fell off -.
I read a book on it in Capt.
We have good times together , eh , little fish ?.
The last patient I gave one of those to won the Kentucky Derby.
I 've got it someplace.
What do you think , he 's gon na play with you ?.
Dr. Hackenbush he 's got apple dumpling.
Hi Hat 's not on this track.
With a coal shovel , old cans ... We should come up in a garden ... behind those buildings ... It 's open country.
I do n't know who will win this war ... The end , whatever it may be , will mean the end of the Rauffensteins and the Boeldieux.
It is n't a party.
Please stop them.
Turkey Morgan 's been shooting his mouth off to get Kid Galahad into an early match.
If I wanted to take the title away from you , I would n't spend 50 grand to do it.
Not while there 's a chance of getting that title from McGraw and Morgan -.
Postpone the Far East conference.
There must be some connection between the plane and this place.
Where did you get the money to pay for all these treasures ?.
I saw a man whose life was empty ".
Maybe 'cause you 've always been part of Shangri - La without knowing it -.
We 're living in the 20th century -.
What do you think of his talk about Shangri - La ?.
So these two gentlemen said they were lords ?.
It 's locked.
But you would have found out about it at some point , and then it would n't have been so easy to give it all up.
We are accused of having pretended to be Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
Do n't let it out.
Do n't let it get away !.
- It 's after us -.
It 's only Dopey -.
It 's only Dopey -.
It 's only Dopey -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
He says it 's a , a monster asleep in our beds ! -.
We 'll kill it dead -.
It covers three beds.
Casey , you 're a fool.
I hope you 're right , but I think she 's made a mistake.
The bottom has dropped out of everything.
Prepare for a transfusion.
But since Prince John has seized the regency Guy of Gisbourne and his traitors have murdered and pillaged.
Lady Marian ? -.
Do you want to send a message ? -.
He 's not brutal like ... Tell me , when you are in love , is it well , is it hard to think of anybody but one person ?.
Unfortunate that interruption in Mrs. Updyke 's boudoir would have been a perfect moment for a blood pressure during the robbery.
The papers carry a big story of what 's missing.
This loft has been cleaned out perfectly.
For an exhaustive scientific work on criminology -.
Paradol chloride is n't effective for headaches , if that 's what you mean.
It 's a sedative.
So obsessed , that he could commit murder.
-You do n't have to worry about it.
I took the rap , three years.
One night , he tried to shoot it out with the cops.
Take $ 100,000 out of my personal account and give it to him.
Why , when you can do it nice and legal ?.
-You wanna make something out of it ?.
It 's twice as much as I got.
-You've got a great poker face , Rocky.
I know you forced Frazier to get you $ 100,000.
Oh , we use it for weddings.
You bought it ?.
It was a free - for - all.
I have reference to a mark on the ball.
Go on In the stall , Baby Now everything is quite all right No , everything is not all Everything is not all right , Susan.
Now everything is quite all right No , everything is not all Everything is not all right , Susan.
Of course , it varies at different seasons -.
No , I think it 's a good idea to continue our walk.
Terribly anxious because I am sure Sorgues was hypnotized.
I was counting on your honesty , your loyalty ... I see I was mistaken.
I wrote it down on the back of an envelope for you.
The Seton Concerto in F Major.
Linda was a girl , so she promptly had Julia.
I was going to give a party tonight.
I was going to give a party tonight.
He needs it.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
It 's been my idea to make a few thousands early in the game and then quit for as long as it lasts and try to find out who I am and what goes on now , while I 'm young and feel good all the time.
I feel alive and I love it.
I do n't think it matters a bit what I think.
For love , true love , is a very rare and beautiful thing.
If that position at the bank is still open I 'll be glad to take it.
To Madame Poulard 's -.
Huger aims not to be carried off by anything but drink.
Pres Dillard 's coming home on account of it.
Armed guards are patrolling the road as far up as Riverview.
Ned Warrington 's got it.
It just seems to me there are other things more interesting.
I just kind of found me a double - end boat.
But your husband said he did n't see her.
If you will come with me , you could stay overnight in a private ward.
Heaven knows what the government will say about it.
I love the arts.
I was ashamed of the grocery.
It 's the only possible job for me , because it 's a madman 's job.
We should call them Saint Molière and Saint Charlie !.
Here 's a new one , Ed.
Did you hear about it , Grandpa ?.
That 's the reason I 've lived in this house so many years and could never move out.
No , because eight years ago , a typewriter was delivered to the house by mistake.
Want to learn to do the Big Apple ? -.
It 's got me.
Not with your mother here -.
Make it frankfurters , and tell Donald to get ... Tell Donald to get a dozen more and an extra can of corn -.
The idea of you engineering this thing and being caught in your own trap.
I should have stayed in my own backyard ".
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
Do you know Polly Wolly Doodle ? -.
It 's a screwdriver , a bottle opener , a cheese slicer , ice pick and vegetable parer.
They told me that a man with your record would never go straight.
I know ... Oh , I 'm sorry , I ... I was just thinking I did n't know anything about you before and ... And what , Joe ?.
The first time we seen him was in the mess hall.
I know a babe that roomed in the same cell with her.
Star of Delhi will never reach the Tower of London ".
Yes , it was torn from that tree.
Now , Nickie , this is important.
Not much chance of fingerprints ... after the dog 's been playing with it for nobody knows how long.
Maybe Father was right about Dudley , and I would n't listen to him.
I just wanted someone to keep an eye on Nickie -.
There were some books -.
Guild says this woman was the one at Chestevere Apartments.
You found out after the murder that he ditched you for Smitty.
Punchy , what 's the matter for you ?.
Santa Claus , it looks like a white Christmas.
Gosh , I bet you 've killed a lot of men in the course of duty -.
Apologize for what ?.
About the size of a pie -.
- Would n't go in the river if you ca n't swim -.
That 's the idea of the song : Get me a free drink -.
It 's a mighty fine thing when a man realizes he 's wrong ... and tries to correct it in a nice way.
You must be hungry.
It 's the very last of my father 's fine Madeira.
It 's over !.
It 's all my fault.
I always wanted to be like her , calm and kind and sadly , I 've turned out disappointing.
You 've had enough kissing for one afternoon.
Rhett , I was so cold and hungry and so tired.
Hold your reins properly in a firm hand.
No woman would want the child of a cad like you.
Rhett .... I want Rhett !.
I was , Rhett , but you were so nasty.
I have it -.
It 's a cloud -.
About fifty yards from where Sir Charles fell dead were footprints.
Legend of the hound of the Baskervilles.
Oh , nothing sir , it was the window.
Sir Charles always insisted upon it.
It 's still there.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
That 's the great Grimpen mire.
From tomorrow on there wo n't be anymore , ever.
I am determined to live 100 years and more , if your new elixir does what you promise.
I did n't know there were women like that.
But Maida , darling , I do hope your going abroad at this time wo n't be a mistake.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
She 's running into all sorts of legal red tape over there.
Look to starboard.
Well , I do n't like it , and it ai n't the way I aim to have things.
Is there an armoire in that room ?.
Lead painting 's no good , just like the sand gun.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
But you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture.
I see a house.
It has three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
Two men are looking at the moon.
It has a little knob that you turn -.
Ever since you 've been back from Paris-- I have n't talked to anyone about Paris.
Naturally , it 's not the Royal Suite.
At least the May Day parade is over.
How do you like it , Ninotchka ?.
How do you like it , Ninotchka ?.
There is something in Constantinople , something irresistible.
Hello , Spender -.
When Charlotte went West five years ago , it was because of lung trouble , was n't it ?.
I 'll adopt Tina legally.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
That 's the most wonderful thing I 've ever seen.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
The girl I was telling you about came as close to it as anybody I ever met.
Just goes to show you how wrong you can be -.
But I do not owe her the duty of attendance upon her.
With Baganold 's forces in Ireland , is n't he ?.
Not another man goes to Ireland.
-I was ill.
This deficit has grown to alarming proportions.
It 's a difficult , dangerous job so how can we blame Lord Essex for refusing to risk it ?.
It was I who intercepted your letters.
Are you so set on dying ?.
... a performance that was achieved 12 years ago by Charles Lindberg.
It 's a romantic black woman.
I love squirrels.
-Christine has disappeared !.
- The main thing is to dance very smoothly -.
You 're getting a little mixed up with your feet.
Sue and Little Chief are on the warpath.
But he 's afraid that if the Indians see him coming , they'll- - I have to see Mr. Big Eagle somehow , before it gets dark -.
That 's just an okapi , Mrs. Lancing.
The old - time hunters used to think it was a cross between a giraffe and a zebra.
We buried the child with his mother.
If it 's ivory the party 's after ... the hunter in charge usually gets 10 % of whatever they bring out.
Just to register emotion Jealousy , devotion And really feel the part.
It 's the Wicked Witch !.
Therefore , in consideration of your kindness I take pleasure at this time in presenting you with a small token of our esteem and affection.
I think that it that it was n't enough just to want to see Uncle Henry and Auntie Em.
You just had a bad dream.
This manicurist , she 's perfectly divine , she said to me : " I know something about rich Mrs. Haines ".
Howard wants me to go on a world cruise -.
It is a nightgown , is n't it ? -.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Haines wants to know if he can have the portrait of Little Mary -.
As my last official act in Reno , I 'm going to prepare the supper with my own little hands -.
It turns into a bathroom.
When you 've got it right in your mitts , they leave you with your tongue hanging out.
- James MacDonald.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The crank fits on here and when you turn it it ... Makes into a full - size double bed at night.
The dinosaurs were lords of creation for about 200 million years.
Out West , they shoot at anything that looks Eastern.
It 's a pleasure to do business with a man like you.
Joseph Panello.
You know where Dan Wilson 's house is ? -.
I got a telegram for Dan Wilson.
Dan Wilson.
You wanna hear how it happened ?.
I got two little kids at home.
Get good wages out there and put it all together and we 'll be all right.
This ai n't a grocery store.
Busted my cheek , but I can still see -.
They know he got hit in the face.
You know , funny thing happened to me the other day.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
Even if it was true , they would n't believe it.
What do we need a State Capital building for ?.
in a dark chamber my heart is awake it sleeps and waits , wondering where the dream may carry it do you hear , my heart ?.
the new coins , your majesty minted without my portrait ?.
sleep ?.
fetch him your face looks terrible.
I 've been a reporter for 20 years.
I had a publicity job offered to me last year.
It cost me $ 450 to tear it out of Cooley.
You 'll find your money in the wallet.
If it was my own grandmother , I 'd carry on -.
If you were out joyriding plastered , or got into a scrape , why do n't you admit it instead of accusing innocent people ?.
You could get the letter.
And she threatens to turn it over to the prosecution.
When did you first start doing lace work , Leslie ?.
When did you first start doing lace work , Leslie ?.
He wants the money to buy the estate.
I have it in my pocket.
-l had to pay a great deal of money for it.
We can put some of your things in it in case your bag is crowded.
Swordplay is such a violent business (.
Inez has ... Inez has gone crazy over the idea of Madrid.
It 's queerer than that.
A nice story for Spy , incidentally.
But with a girl of his own , full of warmth for him full of foolish , uncritical affection ... - None of which I 've got -.
And remember , Mike with the rich and mighty ... Do you know what time it is ?.
- Mr. Connor ?.
I left a copy of it at my house for him -.
But never in my life not if I live to be 100 , will I forget how you tried to stand me on my feet again today -.
Your attitude is difficult to understand -.
We all go haywire at times.
The Captain wishes to justify what , in plain words ... is a desire for plunder with no respect for the interests of Spain.
Antro.
Sure , Bijou is only a little bitty baby.
What ?.
He 'd kill you inside of six months.
But you have n't listened to it.
What ?.
Sir , for several days your attitude toward me seems to have changed -.
If I would get such a wallet , I would be one of the happiest men in the world.
Hey , Red , this steak 's tough.
What 'll we do , use it for a tire patch ?.
Joe says he ca n't make our party.
We broke the ray.
The doors made me do it ! -.
A blind man can not tell truth from false.
If Your Highness would wind it yourself.
I 'm the king of birds !.
I 'm the king of birds !.
When you were sold in the slave market , who bought you Always Jaffar.
I want you to run this editorial in a box on the front page.
Charles , even newspapermen have to sleep.
You 're terrific.
It 's got lots of vitamins.
This is a very unusual type of duel.
Give it to me -.
- Clementine -.
Give it to me -.
You must sing for us -.
- Oh , Mr. Forrester in ?.
There 's a seven - course dinner in one of these teeny pills.
It 's only a dud dead -.
That 's Private Meeley 's tobacco !.
It 's all tarnished.
He 's been acting strange the last day or two -.
Did I win the daily double ?.
He ai n't even a first - class private.
I 've been taking a lesson in photography.
Daniel , you should n't go out with girls.
But I have a date with Ginger.
Daniel , you should n't go out with girls.
We had to do it.
This is Blue Army , and you 're our prisoners.
They 've got no money or insurance.
Softly now , for respect for chapel was the first thing my father taught us.
Unions are the work of the Devil.
Our son is a scholar.
I 'd rather pay 32,000 than lose a really large amount.
It wo n't even take six weeks.
I thought it was a pretty fair offer.
As a matter of fact , I think you 're a sucker to make it.
Can I hide behind the sanctity of my client 's identity secrets and whatnots all the same , priest or lawyer ?.
He only had a couple hundred when I searched him this afternoon at my office.
Kemidov found out how valuable it was !.
This wo n't do any good.
It costs you two guineas on Regent Street.
I present you with this dangerous weapon , mademoiselle ... with my undying gratitude and admiration.
Africa is one continent I know better than all their invisible men -.
I do n't want it.
Mr. Stokes , care of the post office at Lyme Regis -.
I have no desire to enter a cave after a trapped animal ... even though I know you have no weapons.
I could have killed you an hour ago.
Pull It In.
Your time Is up.
Your time Is up.
Hand out the document.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Mr. Custer says you 'll have to sign this.
Your nose is bleeding.
Mr. Charles is n't here.
A camellia does n't have any fragrance -.
I found this hidden in Barrow 's apartment.
He live in apartment 32A. That 's right , at the top of the stairs.
Nicky , I ca n't stand it !.
Not and live under this roof with me , you ai n't.
I ai n't never had no money.
Ai n't nobody gon na catch your father because I ai n't gon na leave them.
I could n't stand it if you got down on me too.
It 's a problem they 've been trying to settle for hundreds of years ... and they have n't settled it yet.
There 's lots of it on the bottom.
It 's a new drug that works wonders in cases such as this -.
I 'm gon na trade this darned car in next year.
Well , there it is , ca n't you see it ?.
That 's the fourth time you 've taken that same load to town and brung it back.
Why , we must 've had ... How many , Ada ?.
I told you you could do it , Dude boy.
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Why , that 's Henry Peabody 's wood , ai n't it ? -.
Why , this durn old top did n't wanna go down ! -.
It ai n't been hardly broke in yet.
This ai n't no poor farm.
I took an interest in your work -.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
The funny thing was that when my wife found that in my pocket she thought that I was the one who bought it for you.
- Sheila , you 're wonderful -.
- That 's because you 're a good teacher.
That bracelet happens to mean an awful lot to me.
The son of a gun bit me !.
I think it 's a fine play.
I think it 's a fine play.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 'm the first person to do a figure eight from a sitting position.
I 've been reading the most brilliant play with an enchanting part in it for you -.
It 's a picture of me as I used to be.
It was taken on another Christmas Eve many years ago.
Inflato , taken from the word " inflation ".
Let me try it.
Somebody slugged me -.
A gentleman inside has won 20,000 francs and the cashier would Iike some money -.
Play " As Time Goes By ".
We 'll get drunk and stay away till she 's gone.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
You played it for her , you can play it for me -.
Has it got a " wow " finish ?.
We 're all making the same salary : 600 bucks a month and 500 a jap , right ?.
So this is Holiday Inn.
Come on , let 's get out of this before you catch cold.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Well , I thought it over , and I believe our number would go better in blackface.
Be careful it 's my heart ".
Beautiful ".
♪ Be careful ♪ ♪ It 's my heart ♪ That 's the girl.
When you 're through with it , send it to the police.
I did n't like it.
Tax payments have been coming up against the old Timberlake - Fitzroy Corporation.
The weak always have the strong to protect them.
Ask no questions.
Besides , it is Stanley 's car.
If it had n't been for me , he 'd still be alive.
Stanley , what is it ?.
Would you explain this to me ?.
It could n't have been.
One of your best friends is that mother of Charlie Johnson 's across the way -.
Can you make a fight ?.
I did n't ride one block on a streetcar.
George Amberson Minafer had got his come - uppance.
I took it from a friend with dark thoughts.
Yes ... The money , a great life , security ... Women love security.
One of them in particular hurt me.
The bracelet you gave me for our 5th anniversary , I lost it.
They 're getting fed up.
Yves is a bird in a tree.
I ca n't say someone went to the post office , no one did.
Did you find them ?.
When I was 17 , I came in once after midnight.
Yes , Walt Whitman 's.
Will you excuse me to send a cable to my wife ?.
The Christus statue.
Lisa and I bought it in New York.
It lets the light and air through and it 's practically invisible from below.
But to build a working model in some field or village somewhere that small planes could actually land on to prove that it was practical , would only cost about $ 99,000.
I mean , sex did n't even enter into it.
The Wienie King ?.
A woman is not a vessel.
How wonderful it is meeting a silent American again.
It would be wonderful for him.
Oh , do n't take it so seriously.
They want to bake a cake , dear.
Snoodles is going to build your airport for you.
He did n't want that , I wanted it for him.
There 's a limit to what a woman can stand.
I wanted to prove that you could look Pittsburgh in the eye and laugh at him.
I 'm gon na make Pittsburgh ... the greatest town to work and live in in America !.
You need care , and you need doctors that understand your case.
He is an angel.
Probably someone congratulating you upon becoming a father.
It 's from Liverpool , from the editor of The Mercury.
" I was impressed " '.
It would be fantastic.
It would be fantastic -.
I need your help in my parliamentary life -.
You happen to know some nice quiet nook where I can sleep without any molasses ?.
Jack , that paper has your name on it -.
- She might 've stowed away -.
Yes , and Romulus does n't like fish much , either.
He was with us at the fire.
Put it in the shed.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
You 'll have to find another place and store all this stuff.
Everybody wants to get in and pitch.
So I said , the first vacation I get , I 'm going to see the Statue of Liberty.
He dismantled his bomb sight and packed the units in four of the boxes.
On Richmond Bypass ?.
You realize , of course , when I was brought into the room blindfolded - I heard the mechanism of this door -.
Nobody is gon na call me a Nazi and get away with it.
He said tomorrow.
Percentage is with the house.
My uncle must have signed it.
It 's the coffee boiling -.
Beet soup with sour cream.
Beet soup with sour cream.
With an egg in it.
Why , you 're real cute.
He has an enormous appetite.
Still looks like Africa to me.
One little slip and I 'm a dead man.
You know I 'm never any good unless I have my peace of mind.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Kate screamed and dropped the lantern.
Oliver and Kate are badly mauled.
If you want to know more about it , there 's a family history in the library.
I 'm not convinced it is a man -.
It was sealed in this tube and vacuum.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
Either you injected the cobra venom into Kate O'Malley 's veins ... or you deliberately withheld the information ... that venom was in the system at the coroner 's inquest.
It 's in the house.
It was a form of mania that caused its victim to imagine- consciously or subconsciously - that he was a werewolf.
It was a form of mania that caused its victim to imagine- consciously or subconsciously - that he was a werewolf.
See , Tess is my wife.
She 'll walk from Wisconsin for this.
Oh , you sweet ... - It is a boy.
That the joys of each shall be the joys of both.
Tell you where his money is if you 're so anxious.
Bring your guns to starboard and hold fire.
Take a look at them , Uncle Sam.
Mother St John surely does.
Mother St John 's cat ate them.
- Your family is expecting you -.
That is called the " Dance of the Pelican " my own original creation.
He 's the croaker , makes examinations and certifies the chump as being a sound insurance risk.
He lost his job.
Now , we 'll dirty it up a little.
Tanks , artillery , troops , all must come over this bridge.
If a Gypsy catches rabbits , he says it 's foxes -.
If you see soldiers , throw a stone for a signal.
- Who knows the way through to the Republicans ? -.
I slept with your things ! -.
I 've been politically disconnected for over 15 years now.
Fellow patriots , there is work to be done.
I bet you 'd like to know what I 'm going to give you for your birthday -.
Do you think Martha will like it ? -.
That shock can kill , but it can also cure.
You do n't believe in it ?.
You do n't believe in it ?.
Why , I think Miss Cowan should open it ... since she will someday be the owner of the property.
That money belongs to Miss Cowan.
It 's a large manuscript in a portfolio.
It 's a concerto.
It represents two years ' work.
It 's not from an opera , Raoul.
That 's a British Sudanese with an Italian prisoner.
Send down a bucket !.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
You will go with Sergeant Krause 's advance party.
Show them the way to Bir Acroma.
I was maestro mechanic in Torino.
In my village , we had the finest cheese in the world -.
You hit it right on the nose.
Because it is a 100 - to-1 shot.
I wish you were n't so cocky about it.
Get it over with !.
You 're giving guns for water !.
- It 's a waltz -.
- Come here.
Because Captain Vickery will be much safer in the local police station tonight than he would be in this house.
Sally has to recite a sort of formula over Geoff 's body in front of the fireplace and the library in the presence of the entire household.
It 's an old family custom been handed down for generations -.
The last to find it defies dark powers ".
Who first shall find it were better dead Who next shall find it perils his head.
When Miss Sally forgot the lines today you were the one who prompted her.
We must search her mind.
She must have packed that paper under this cushion.
She must have packed that paper under this cushion.
This place used to be known as Hurlstone Towers ".
This place used to be known as Hurlstone Towers ".
Is it Brunton ?.
We told you , you were taking an awful risk.
What I do n't understand is why the Musgraves did n't claim the land ages ago.
Watson this microscope was last used for examining microfilm.
Or to tell us they know that Sherlock Holmes is on the case.
They want us to believe that they found the document and therefore have no further use for Grayson.
It 's been on a many a sea voyage.
That will be five hundred dollars.
That 's a very interesting theory but not supported by the facts and quite beside the point.
Separate ?.
Separate.
While I hum for him a song about us two.
The tenderness you gave to me I give back to him.
I wished it when you were with me.
I wished it when you were with me.
All right , well I did n't want every Tom , Dick and Harry handling his things.
A registered package for Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Oh , you should n't Why not , the man you sent me to advanced me five hundred pounds on my worthless policy and all I could think of was you.
You must let me take it back to the jeweler , have it properly marked.
He 's no more a cripple than you are.
I picked it up quite by accident.
Was n't a mark on it except some negligible fingerprints that the police could n't identify.
You got something to tell me ... You 're wasting your time -.
The gentleman died because he drank some wine with poison in it.
This is Mortimer Brewster.
He does n't live with us.
You have the word of the President of the United States.
I 'd better call and see if Witherspoon has left.
I never wear them , either.
Are you sure we 're on the right street ?.
That 's a wonderful machine.
Gentlemen , you are looking at what I consider the most powerful explosive in the world today -.
If the wrong people learned what I have in mind and it was discovered , it might alter the whole course of the war.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
I 'm a very busy man I 'm working on an aeroplane that requires no wings.
- Where 's the camera ? -.
At a deserted airfield , about two miles away there is an obsolete plane equipped with radio control and a robot plane.
The last to arrive on the glorious battlefield of Shiloh and the first to leave it ! -.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
I wish your Indian brave could see you now.
You look beautiful.
What killed my son ?.
Diphtheria.
You should be a very distinguished- looking man 10 years from now.
Accident and double indemnity.
Accident and double indemnity.
That perfume on your hair.
It meant he was a dead pigeon.
But we ca n't wait.
But I have the awful feeling that something is wrong ... and I had that same feeling once before , when my mother died.
What would you like to have for breakfast ?.
Sometimes this kind of steam engine has two cylinders.
It was your idea.
Come and see me if you 're ever in London.
The whole thing is alive with happiness.
There is an attic under the roof.
It belonged to my mother , and before that to her mother ... and now it belongs to you.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
Nancy , did you turn the gas up in there ?.
The little picture has been taken down.
Get it from wherever you 've hidden it and put it back in its place.
But I have n't hidden it.
I 'm very sorry , but I 'm afraid my wife 's illness has returned -.
The gas just went down -.
But he was here.
You see how it is , Elizabeth ?.
If I ever meant anything to you , and I believe I did ... then help me , Paula.
Cut me free.
Cut me free.
Would you get it , Paula ?.
I 'm always losing things and hiding things.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
If I do n't find it , you will put me in the madhouse.
That was a knife , was n't it ?.
- Paula ... - I must look for it , must n't I ?.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
Still looking for St. Dominic 's.
It 's not charity.
It 's a loan.
So you 're still in trouble.
So you 're still in trouble -.
They say he 's the sharpest little man in town -.
It 's too good for us.
I need a new golf ball.
Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
" Eventually the Romans routed Hannibal 's forces ".
It seems to be hanging far below the sky on an invisible string.
You love him , do n't you ?.
Yesterday morning , after Laura 's body was found , I was questioned by Sergeants McAvity and Schultz , and I stated , " On Friday night , Laura had a dinner engagement with me " " after which she was ostensibly going out of town " ".
I am the most widely misquoted man in America.
This is Lieutenant McPherson.
Do you think it 'll make people want to bathe more often ?.
I believe you presented him with a cigarette case on his last birthday.
You took that poor girl to Miss Hunt 's apartment.
No , I did n't kill Diane Redfern or anyone else.
Waldo heard Shelby running from the next room so he hid in the stairway outside.
Mrs Porter lent you her coat to help keep you warm.
They 're nothing but H2O with a trace of sodium chloride.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
I 've worn it for 15 years.
He likes you , but he hates the bracelet.
The glorious day had come , when the first Croatian opera was to be shown in the theater on St. Mark 's square in Zagreb.
Since the Prague Conservatory was unable to take him in , Lisinski took lessons at professor Pitsch 's famous organ school.
It 's the Notre Dame victory song.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
That beautiful sirloin steak is enough for at least four people.
Mrs. Hawkley needs it more than that lion.
Pretend you 're a lady lion.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
My first chance to cook a meal for the Hawkleys my famous Steak a la Oliver and no steak.
Stanley , a sharper knife , please.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
Knute Rockne gave it to my father.
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation , and I want you to serve it.
This one is His Majesty 's -.
- Well , he certainly was fidgety.
I 'm a very sensitive man.
I stuffed it with paper to stop it from rattling.
Pocketbook.
Are all the objects of art in this room connected with your protective system ?.
Lestrade 's an idiot.
Well , what the dear public do n't know , the dear public wo n't worry about.
That china was broken after her dead body was flung there on the floor ?.
And there 's too much china , Watson and too little plaster , which leads me to suspect that the greater conceals the less and if the china was smashed to cover up the plaster.
Borgia Pearl.
You are n't even worth half the wages you earn.
Lord William Penrose.
I will recall a short story by that brilliant author G. K. Cheston in which the murder is committed by a postman I refer of course to the invisible man.
I 'm quite sure that Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in the village the size of La Morte Rouge.
I 'm sure Sergeant Thompson will have observed a man with a limp in a village the size of La Morte Rouge.
Now if we can find the missing half ... notice the discoloration of the torn edge , faded signature , the upper half was torn off some time within the last year I should say.
I do n't like him -.
The tickets in his wallet show he was to leave Martinique at daylight.
Would you like to hear them ?.
A guy goes out and breaks his neck to ... I might have expected it.
If he comes to while I 'm probing ... pour some of it on a hunk of cotton and give him a whiff of it.
- Goodbye -.
A handful of peasants is a cheap price.
Your records are old.
Oh , you know ... Micheline is doing a fitting -.
They thought I loved them , or not.
This is n't all fun and games ! -.
Nicky , what is it ?.
I do n't know about such things , but I imagine it was fired from a.45 or something in that general field -.
Give me the police department , please.
It 's Mrs. Draque.
Peter Berton painted it.
Peter Berton painted it.
But your old man was n't in the audience watching you.
You have my deepest sympathy -.
There would n't be if she had n't sicked it on us.
Now , look , I 'm sick and tired ... - I 'm gon na smoke a cigarette.
Made up your mind ? -.
Now they got a " corpus delict " -.
Try any monkey business and I 'll blow you clear outta this house.
But I ai n't gon na help you with it none.
It 's a cold from beyond the grave.
Believe it or not , this house is haunted -.
Doctor , I 'd hoped you 'd be able to explain to me a happening which , to put it mildly , has always puzzled me.
It started a few weeks after we 'd become engaged.
Just a little birthday present.
Well , you know that mirror you gave me ... You did n't get it at a joke shop , by any chance ?.
The only thing to do is to try not to look in it at all.
I hope your husband was satisfied with it.
Ever since Mr Craig arrived , you 've been asking me to produce scientific explanations like rabbits out of a hat.
A hunting horn , a royal blue tunic , three skulls , gold epaulettes , two pairs of patent leather shoes and a wedding gown.
- A hotel ? -.
You did n't come home last night , did you ?.
I remember having gone out last evening ... and then nothing more until I found myself a while ago over in Fulham.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
But I think it 'd be awfully late , Netta.
It would n't matter how late , George -.
It would n't matter how late , George -.
- Who is it ? -.
But you said it did n't matter how late.
But I 've ... I 've worked awfully hard to finish it.
I 'm watching out for a load of gas pipe.
She says he threw something round her neck.
There 's a deep bruise on her throat.
It 's a method of very swift and silent murder -.
But it 's ... it 's just one more song.
Darling , it would be for my song !.
It belongs to the concerto.
Netta , it is n't a waltz.
That 's my song.
When two ... When two lips Breathe aflame This is our moment For gay love.
I 'd forgotten it was Guy Fawkes Day.
Netta 's marrying me next week.
It 's obvious my dear Watson , since Mr. Davis was not at dinner , Mrs. Monteith had no opportunity to deliver the envelope.
I 'm afraid , Mr. Holmes , if you do n't go with the sergeant there 's no way to get back to the village tonight.
Do n't you worry Mr. Alastair , we 'll soon have him in jail before he can kill anyone else.
The most silent service of the United States in peace or war is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
No fingerprints were listed under the name of Francisco Ruiez.
Orders are not to be questioned.
I was told to take it to a house on 92nd Street.
That 's the one that was used to copy the data.
Every person who entered or left the store was being photographed by FBI agents from an office directly across the street.
-Where 's Bill ?.
Now , you know perfectly well that nothing I could say about you-- The way you look , I mean , could be anything but flattering -.
Mrs. Robie told Emily to leave you a tray.
This is the tastiest sandwich I 've ever eaten -.
Ellen , you should n't have walked up those stairs.
If you were having the baby , you 'd love it.
She must have tripped.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
The alarm clock goes off , you open your eyes ... brush your teeth and read the Daily Mirror.
The checks must 've gotten mixed up -.
Where did you put it ?.
Now , be a good boy and drink this -.
That 's when you start seeing animals.
I was the only one that really understood you.
- I 'd rather you be drunk than dead -.
A novel by Don Birnam -.
Like Ferdinand the Bull.
Did any of you ever hear of the Giant Rat of Sumatra ?.
Listen , Pinkers , you 're being paid To play Remick numbers , not your own.
No , I 'm just a song - plugger here at Remick 's.
Little unusual for popular music , is n't it ?.
Blue Monday Blues.
He 's writing a new show , for you , Julie.
You sound like your songs , George , And you expect life to be like your music , But it is n't.
Seems to have an idea that happiness is vertical And the last stop is heaven.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
Some of them said it was n't opera.
I 'm in love , crazy in love !.
Are you blind ?.
I guess so , on a year 's lease.
Do n't forget the money !.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
His money is n't phony , is it ?.
2000 dollars ... on your life.
2000 dollars ... on your life.
Adele collected it.
Adele collected it.
You know Adele ... What if she do n't go out ... and I show up ... Your goose is cooked , is n't it ?.
He tried to get away in the murdered girl 's car.
It 's got your fingerprints on it.
But it does n't happen like that , in a day.
It was like lightning striking.
The more cockeyed , the better for the scientific side of it.
It was n't Angel Valley.
So are artificial arms.
It 's been awfully nice , has n't it ?.
It 's 481.
- You take love -.
Pat Jamieson.
Quentin , get rid of that man and come up to Jamie 's room this minute.
Patrick Jamieson , ma'am -.
Backwards , forwards , every which way but chiefly forwards.
It is stupid of me.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Jamie Jamieson.
Buck Rogers.
Why , Kitty Trimble , are n't you ashamed ?.
Never use drugs.
How does he plant those severed fingers on them ?.
And how does he scare them into believing that they may have committed those atrocious murders themselves ?.
Strange , is n't it , how the light is reflected.
I 'm sorry , but Mr. Holmes ' injuries must all be self - inflicted.
It 'll be over , Pina , and spring will come back , and it 'll be even more beautiful because we 'll be free.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
I applied it to relieve the pain -.
Monsieur Duclois.
I have a good heart , but i am a monster.
It 's called diana 's pavilion.
Felicity , adelaide , ludovic !.
I 'm going to be married.
Yes , I was surprised to hear you did it.
It 's something I never hoped for or dreamed of.
This concludes the 1 a.m. Edition of worldwide news.
Karel 's life has been a tragic one.
Oh , I was a jealous fool.
It 's broken.
Frankie Olins had it.
Frankie Olins had it.
Do you love me ? -.
How many times do I have to tell you ?.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Come and dig for it !.
Lloyd , here , I found it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
Frankie , Vincent , I killed for it !.
They all killed for it !.
It 's mine !.
The price has nothing to do with it.
He could have arrested them at Kibbutz 's Toy Shop if we had any proof.
Here , play the song for me , will you , the way it 's written -.
We now have two thirds of a message.
My wife is n't just a " woman " -.
I would like permission to dance with your lady -.
Johnny will take you to the party.
Tom , this is the Hotel Centenario -.
From Tahiti , the Fiji islands , the Coral Sea.
I should have called him yesterday.
A little present from old man Gower.
He said to float away to Happyland on the bubbles.
This is a pickle , George.
If you close your doors before 6:00 p.m. , you will never reopen.
Think , think !.
The Merry Christmas wreath for the window.
Fella runs the lunchroom down the street said you had a roomer here.
We call that wind the Santa Ana.
I got them washed for free [.
- Well , you suggested it yourself once -.
Nick , do n't sell the place !.
It 's gon na be tough going now.
It 's hardly smashed up at all.
I tried , but nobody could have stopped you.
We ... We took a life , did n't we , Frank ?.
You ca n't live without money.
They advised me not to play cards with you because you cheat -.
I saw the most divine wedding dress at Molyneux 's.
I have n't had a drink since that night in the rue de Lappe.
Yesterday at the Ritz was tough going -.
I have a card here of one of the best restaurants in Toulon.
Well , really now , young Mr. Larry Darrell that 's the most sensible thing I 've ever heard you say.
You know you love me.
Called the Cellar.
You 're going to be pretty sleepy this afternoon.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
It started over in Germany when one of the Nazi hotshots saw the handwriting on the wall.
I got a note that said Larry Cravat was at 42111/2 Summit -.
Kendall does n't work out of the missing persons bureau , you know -.
Michael Conroy.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
Conroy , the other night , a couple of nights ago , maybe ... a man was murdered on the dock -.
I 'm Larry Cravat.
You wo n't get the money !.
You wo n't get the money !.
is it the same as killing a man ?.
But the proof that murder is his aim would be the strongest evidence she could have {.
- Would n't leave the house alone.
Major Duncan Bleek , a friend of Doctor Watson 's.
Sherlock Holmes is very full of integrity.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
It belonged to barry , Him who chopped off his uncle 's head.
A man is waiting on the corner with a check only a block away.
Yes , I just sold it.
It 's a great machine.
The Ace of Clubs.
The Ace of Clubs.
You believe in Santa Claus ?.
It 's been all set every Tuesday for 12 years.
It 's beautiful.
The Krauts turned all their guns to stop us.
The plan 's a flop.
Came home and landed at Sanlúcar just two days ago -.
Well , then , by your leave , I 'll ride with you -.
I 'm not a ghost.
The Indians have no steel.
It has to be timed to the very split of a second.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
If we survive this expedition , gentlemen ... the order I have given to destroy this armada ... will go down in history as a monument to our resolution and courage.
You should n't stay around this town.
A girl named Irene Jansen gave it to me.
I perfected my own special technique 12 years ago ... before I was kicked out of the Medical Association.
Used it in the last war.
I know it 's awfully early ... but you said you wanted to get away before it got light.
It ought to work.
I did n't see any car -.
You knew they 'd give me the gas chamber for murdering George.
I was up for the Navy cross.
What I mean is , they look like they 've been pierced for earrings.
It was that evil , misbegotten son of a goat , that Zoltan.
How did you find out about me and the escape and the rest of it ?.
Tonight would you be entertaining the chief of police ... these Nazi party officials and elite guard officers ... if you were n't forced to ? -.
But I wo n't say goodbye to myself , just because I love someone who demands it as a matter of course.
You ca n't understand me.
You see , Angela , a concert tour is as much work as Papa 's job in the museum , is n't it ?.
Everyone knows it 's been signed over to me.
A problem with the engine ? -.
Perhaps I can get a train here to Well ?.
May I write it down ?.
I interviewed him for my paper , The Real France.
I 've never heard of such a thing ... Emptying my safe deposit box.
You have a cruel streak.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
It 's for the woman next door.
Colonel brewton , How much cattle range do you control ?.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
To me , it 's land the way god made it And wants it to stay.
Selina was my first friend out here.
This country , I 'm sick to death Of talking about this country.
It would curl up and die then , lutie , It would be dead , and so would the whole country , It would never live again.
- You found it -.
Somebody did shoot at him.
It 's a dinghy.
It 's just a razorblade.
Is it one of them big bass tuba things ? -.
- This is Baby ... Mrs. Talbin.
You 're wearing the earrings.
My body needs lifting.
I 'm sorry , I do n't feel it yet.
Well ... - I have half of Poughkeepsie on my face.
Eve 's Fifth Avenue , I think -.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
Mrs. Amboy 's necklace.
Mr. Bannister tells me you once killed a man.
I 'm very interested in murders.
You did it with your hands , did n't you ?.
He was a Franco spy.
-Money does n't interest you ?.
He talked about suicide.
Running away does n't work.
He wo n't be murdered until tonight.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
I hear that Galloway is going to say that Michael took George 's corpse into the city in our speedboat.
The speedboat could n't have driven itself.
It 's been ten years since I 've made a vow to remain silent and not to show my face to anybody.
In a few seconds it 'll be too late ... Alright , kill me !.
I think this resemblance has acted more in my favour with Her Majesty that my personal merits.
But when happiness and misfortune are just as terrible , that 's magnificent -.
You have not been around since you sent me this Joan Madou.
What is it ?.
It was my fault , Joan.
It must be a band marching down the highway.
She asked me to thank Your Majesty for the bridal bouquet.
Powdered egg omelette , probably , and a little Spam -.
That used to be the largest department store in Berlin.
They had their first free election in 14 years.
It 's no fun to walk around with a target pinned on your chest.
Well it 's better than no whiskey at all , sir -.
I tell you , this is not a proper or suitable marriage for you.
All that lives must die , passing through nature to eternity.
Did you not speak to it ? -.
I would I had been there -.
- A tanner will last you nine year -.
You must have money to throw away.
It 's almost 6:30.
This man here stole your bicycle ?.
Have n't I repeatedly told you not to cut up the paper until I 've read it ?.
That is , for an old house.
Just getting a morning shave entitles a man to the Purple Heart.
It 's like a painting.
The house and the lilac bush at the corner are just the same age , Bill.
It 's stood since the second year of the Continental Congress.
The house has charm , has n't it , Mr. Apollonio ?.
A simple bathroom , 8 by 10 by 8 with grade - A fixtures will cost around $ 1300.
- That 's Mr. Tesander.
- Mrs. Blandings likes it too -.
Not a cold , antiseptic , hospital white -.
It 's the only spool I have and I had an awful time finding it.
What about the newlyweds who want a home of their own ?.
Take it on , Gumbo.
Oh , it 's like a graveyard out there.
He 's trying to trick you , make a fool of you.
I do n't see any " M " on that brand.
Pretty unhealthy job.
See , I met Matt today just after he rode in.
It was nothing I ever heard before.
Well ... We ca n't have everything , can we ?.
Out of this , David Kentley had his last drink.
It wo n't work.
- What on earth is the matter ? -.
Brandon ... Brandon , could n't we pretend we 're not home ?.
Mattie got us a house in Gusherton all right.
Party I know took in a new convertible today.
It freezes , but it never snows.
I 'd like to get in the big city.
To arrive in Paris on one day and be killed on the next.
That 's a very beautiful ring.
It was renounced by its owner quite some years ago.
Richelieu gave you a certain paper , a carte blanche.
- I 'm your man -.
It all depends on whether or not the guy who finds it is the right guy.
Look , Curt , there 's a vein of it , here , in this rock.
It 's just like plain sand.
About $ 5,000 worth , I reckon.
I 'm gon na kick you in the teeth.
You 're as thin as a starved cat.
Sam has never forgiven the.
It means that the prophecy of the two birds ... of the fairest color has been fulfilled.
It must have burned up ten gallons to a mile.
And that kid out there he had a perfect ear for it.
It 's so hot today.
If I had n't come back , I doubt you would have lasted the year out.
You could n't hate anybody who loves you as much as I do.
I made it myself from a new recipe.
However , it seems to me that this hill , Ed Duda , is a key position.
Every evening of the voyage , a star appeared above the bow , standing bright and steady in the sky , as if sent to guide the ship home.
You once said you had a plan.
- Exactly.
My friend BüIow believes it could send a person mad.
Science is science , but a girl must get her hair done.
His Excellency , the ambassador from the court of France -.
It does bring out the colour in your beautiful , big , brown eyes.
Should Bunny Watson marry Mike Cutler ?.
A magazine must be like a human being.
You are in the Museum of Modern Art , Marion.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
Seven times in the past 29 years , without our once suspecting it the computer has suggested certain changes in its own design which we blindly carried out.
- Mine.
There 's a mine shaft at the end of these cables.
Tomorrow morning , we 'll be dead and it 'll be alive.
Dunyasha will care for them.
It will last a lifetime.
I 'm John Courtney , and I 'm locked in my own office.
But Anne 's way of living is better than ours , and I have to face it.
As a sign of respect for the honored foot inspector of this city , the Hsien Chang of Yang Cheng has become a Christian.
- How do you work this thing ? -.
It is known as " dissociative reaction ".
I think you 'll find a candle burning near the window in that room.
I 'm glad the warning apparatus works -.
The Tingler.
You do n't know how it was.
I think it 's the ignition.
Religion is love.
- What should we do with him ? -.
This gross piece to be worn on the altar of Chemosh ?.
It lacks luster.
The dark cloud.
It 's stronger than I am.
( male narrator ) THERE IS A FIFTH DIMENSION BEYOND THAT WHICHIS KNOWN TO MAN.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
M ILLICENT BARNES , WHO IN ONE M INUTE WILL WONDER IF SHE 'S GOING MAD.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
IT IS A DIMENSION AS VAST AS SPACE AND AS TIMELESS AS INFINITY.
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond , that confinement , that falsehood.
I was homesick.
This road is the afterwards of the civil war.
I was given a pearl necklace.
This is obviously no place for a sword duel.
We have this major who makes us stand reveille every morning , rain or shine , which gives you an idea ... If we kept it on the move , it 'd sound like a lot of jeeps.
Venice was so good to award me an honorary research project : Reconstruction of political murders from the 14th century.
She was so alive.
God chose a simple girl as intermediary.
Glauert in Lunteren was shot with this gun.
That he will destroy the republic ?.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Tomorrow at the Senate , Lucius Cotta will move that I be made king.
Which was at Actium , in Greece.
Stop ".
It wants you , Nell.
This island is a ship 's graveyard.
They told me you had a letter.
Because I kicked him.
It wo n't open -.
Do our Vindicator missiles have both infrared- and radar - seeking capacity ?.
An invisible nerve gas which disperses 1 5 minutes after inducing complete unconsciousness for 24 hours.
The mask wo n't come off !.
A machine was a thing ofjoy then , built to last a man 's lifetime.
We have to start from scratch.
We can just go to bed together every time you pass through New York.
You could touch an H bomb and say , " l know what 's in there , uranium and stuff ... that is all ".
Mr Fennan , we know it 's idiotic , but when the Foreign Secretary finds that sort of letter in his in - tray , it 's like London airport getting an anonymous phone call to say that there 's a bomb on the Prime Minister 's plane , and somebody 's got to do a check -.
The point is , the Foreign Office believe the police.
Do you want me to manufacture a lie ?.
I think it 's an art for young people.
And I know how to cross the River.
You just want me to have this flower ? -.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast.
How would you like to go to sleep and wake up in a new world ?.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
Something in the sun killed that thing , before the Denevan died.
You spotted it from the Enterprise.
A changeling was a fairy child that was left in place of a human baby.
It 's powerful , it 's sophisticated , but it 's not infallible.
An economic upheaval had occurred.
The creature must still be around.
I could go to my old teacher Makino ... he 's the only honest man i know.
The " Iron Eagle ".
The hypo that I gave him should last for about one hour.
The film came out of a camera ... - mounted in a Russian satellite.
This pen is red ... But it writes black.
It has a point like a pencil.
It occurred to me that nowhere in the rules does it state a tournament player may not take advantage of any aid he can.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
Webster killed George Corley for a piece of jewellery worth $ 10 million.
A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood.
The entire dilithium - crystal - converter assembly is fused.
If nobody claims it , you can keep it.
It 'll mimic all the symptoms of Beck 's bacteria.
And when I bought it not half an hour ago you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squawk.
Corporal Clemens , sir , from Masters ' Brigade at Dante 's Crossroads.
To do the job of defence , the computer projected a replica of the only image available : Losira 's.
I said the body of James Kirk is being used by Dr. Janice Lester.
The safe is for official business only.
As it was addressed to you , sir , I thought you might like to have it.
It 's practically a miracle that they 're keeping it alive -.
It ca n't live with any other animals.
Your insurance is no good.
Your insurance is no good.
The truth is ... I 'm cursed by a cat.
I 'll see if they 've got the count , sir.
It 's one of the red queen 's hats.
- Why ?.
That parrot is definitely deceased , and when I bought it a half hour ago ... you assured me that its total lack of movement ... was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squall.
Wildfire 's equipped with a nuclear device for self - destruct.
You see , Harold , I feel that much of the world 's sorrow comes from people who are this ... yet , allow themselves to be treated as that.
I say if this book ends up in the hands of someone ruthless it could become the source for countless blackmails !.
Well , you must understand , signore , that the scirocco ... blows for three days if it starts on Tuesday.
You hate it , but I love it.
Set the dials on zero.
Was n't I right to tell him I was n't free ?.
It was built in the second century A.D. out of marble in the form of an arch supported by two Corinthian columns.
it loves smoke so much that it has to have it all.
It 's a wound in my leg.
The camera is up high.
Yes-- do you know , in our laboratories We have developed a cheese sandwich that can withstand An impact of up to 4,000 pounds per square inch ?.
Pa made you a foreman.
What the soul sees can not be denied.
I 'd feel naked without it.
Must be in the fuel line.
It was laying on the ground.
The original driving license.
The way things are these days , it 's good to be eatin ' , period.
The church that all the others came from.
It 's called Star of the East.
It 's called Star of the East.
What do you want the gun for ? -.
It is all that is left of a mighty continent now sunk beneath the waves.
Lucita and I have broken all the rules.
You know , it 's a hell of a nuisance , all this damn paperwork.
A better breed could prosper here , given time.
The altimeter is marked ALT -.
Because you 're a torch and I need a specialist.
That dog 's not exactly a police dog , he 's more of an Airedale.
I have my own advertising slogan : Try me.
The Enterprise is tracing the origin of a mysterious alien space probe.
The force globe is flexible in only one direction per unit of time.
The church is empty.
I 'm so sorry , I 'm afraid the dining room door seems to have disappeared.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed.
I would like to have it cleaned and combed It is pretty bad condition.
You know where my music is ?.
A man has but one body , Like a single cell.
I 'd think what a mad , impetuous , wonderful fool he is -.
You will be returned to the orphanage.
The act of sodomy contains the death of the human species.
Does this trip matter to you ?.
We 've put a bomb on the Hikari 109 The bomb will be activated at 80km / hour It 's safe while the train stays at over 80km / hour.
It was attached to the rear wheel frame of the locomotive.
But Kuramochi , if it exploded in a crowded area , it would kill thousands more people.
Yes , you like it.
I 'm sorry about that , Miss Henderson , but ... Listen , we 'll be back next week with another vital question for our panel : " Do attack dogs make good house pets ? ".
It 's a ponderosa.
You gon na put all that stuff into your novel ?.
He talks about murdered whales and piles of schrimps.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
The onion 's a great vegetable.
You can use your kung fu to kill anyone in an instant.
This Fist set is designed for girls.
We organised a surprise for Etienne.
Well , I 've never seen you wearing a hat before.
Hilary 's papa was in our diplomatic service in London.
But you 've got a nice apartment -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
I have a tiny apartment -.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
It 's large enough for your needs , it 's flat and firm , and also easily defended.
Did Father Merrin ever name the demon ?.
The train leaves the city with a white dream on board.
What 's the latest wine - to - water ratio ?.
We 're going 110 !.
It 's a huge snake with red scales.
We picked the wrong profession !.
If a handful of survivors did escape , they would have neither fuel nor food for a long voyage.
Our recorded history tells us that we descended ... from a mother civilization ... a race that went out into space to establish colonies.
That means you or Eddie Mars dragged Geiger 's body out of here and hid it.
It 's dead.
See a penny , pick it up , all day long you 'll have good luck.
The mobile unit has arrived.
He does n't have to.
In lieu of rent.
I 'm going to tell my dad Hey , what are you doing ?.
I 've got a plan.
HAVE A TOMATO (.
Plot a point where we might intercept the Celestra at an angle.
This map had been a legal orthodox buy from an antiquarian 's bookshop.
Jesus ....
I do n't know ... Because he may know how to kill it.
This old fiddle is 108 year old.
- Young ? -.
Does the world really exist ?.
It 's bright and yellow.
It has a brick fireplace and a cute bedroom with mirrors on the ceiling and ... Red Leader !.
Now , this phenomena is a storm which the Nimitz went through less than 18 hours ago.
Like clash of swords Waves dashing on the shore Summoned by the drums to fight My comrade , marching at my side Advanced in step with me Advanced in step with me A bullet came flying free Meant for you or meant for me ?.
LAUGHS ] This reminds me of the quilting bees we used to have in the old days.
There is one Doctorate of Law still to be decided.
How did you come to read the file ?.
An Egyptian expedition found a graveyard full of ivory near the great Inland Sea.
It 's a computer , Marty.
The art of security is a lot like a magic act , Mr. Hunter.
They found Rambo 's body.
Did you rewrite the last scene ? -.
Your Highness , I read there was a dispute over the ownership of the Pink Panther.
I saw it with my own eyes going out of the window.
I do n't have to fight with you.
It is widely acknowledged as the most accurate measure of innate intelligence.
Dan Curtin was a scavenger.
No , Amanda , I need the black comb with the two missing teeth the one with " Ace Comb " stamped on the side.
Just a little old crummy music box -.
We have actually shown that there is a clock.
lt does just fine by itself.
Is this The Flying Saucer ?.
The effects are indistinguishable from the American medium - yield bomb.
I 'm going to get up to five miles a day.
We are here with Virgil I. Grissom and his lovely wife , Betty.
Sometimes I think we 're all gon na get electrocuted.
It 's so crisp -.
Can you explain the removal of your user account on June 23rd , 1973 ?.
This scheme is so reckless.
If I do n't fulfill my mission , I 'll be killed.
And Louis himself McCarthy is drivin '.
What , you think Walter was murdered here ?.
Take a look at the top of your bat , DiMaggio , and do n't make it look obvious.
The film was virtually complete the day of the explosion.
When did you actually find out about the bomb ?.
The Direktor has actually torn up a huge section of my music.
Leave the bird alone.
The white Lamborghini is vanished , but there 's a red one behind me honking its horn.
A storm is coming.
What modifications were made to the robot ?.
The vacuum cleaner 's under the bed.
Uh , MacGyver , the girder.
Thirty - six hours- James Garner , Rod Taylor.
The safe was peeled.
I made a mess of everything but it was n't my fault.
And he just called with the results.
They said you have a form I need to fill out.
Lots of other common features have n't got names like this small piece of gristle that separates the nostrils.
The testicles were boiled in soy sauce and the vagina has just a blood sauce.
And then destroyed the evidence , because he was gon na turn it over to the I.R.S. Ca n't you people make up your minds ?.
We can snuggle the HK-86 up close to the target , and then poof.
Made the place strong as a pyramid from the front.
Advance on axial 664.
I 'll be in medlab.
You 've torn the sleeve off a 300 - guinea suit.
The teleporter insists on purity.
We need to dig a huge reservoir ... and channel rainwater from the whole hillside.
We wish first for you to call a Parliament to repeal the laws relating to the branding of unfortunates forced into beggary.
Tomorrow I 'm doing a commercial with a family that loves each other.
And here 's a book by that guy in high school , Michael Fitzsimmons.
You 've got a bomb inside the building.
It fell out of your jacket and I picked it up -.
You 're suggesting the transmission is meant for a life form other than man ?.
But I had no idea it had mysterious powers.
But it 's only 95 calories.
Listen , Harley , Lewis sold you an old shredder , a garden mulcher.
Oh , it 's hay fever.
Well , then it died in its sleep.
They had to use the helicopter.
It has been charted only from long - range scans.
His stuff has to be all folded very carefully and neatly put away in his drawers , all color - coded like his stupid socks.
He killed our dog !.
What 's your pleasure , Mr. Cotton ?.
It wo n't chip , peel , blister , crack , flake , or rust in any way.
Your grandfather heard me and in a rage rushed into his room and came out with the wing of the Korê.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
The shortest letter to home is ... a moan.
I did it with mirrors.
I understand that you personally captured Enrique Salizar.
It frees us from burden , takes care of our needs.
Not on your ring finger.
What do you hope to learn ?.
Do you think you 've stumbled on another murder , " Monsieur " Poirot ?.
Roses , greenfly , spray , syringe !.
That 's it.
So , Linda , you told me you 're working at a diner.
We had a little accident.
A sculpture takes time.
The human body is a world that moves , that pulsates.
It was him and my father 's wife ... It was Frank and Julia.
My head is just fine.
Must repair wiring to memory.
I could use a love potion on her !.
I could use a love potion on her !.
Where is she ?.
That new technique I used for sealing him up is terrific.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
I said , do n't pull that apple out of my mouth , my loose tooth is stuck.
The dead woman is called a Mrs. Allen.
The fiance , Charles Loverton - West.
He seems to be Major Eustace -.
But tell me ... The window where you found the body ; it was in the back of the library , overlooking the garden , yes ?.
The missing card was in the box all the time.
Jean - Luc Picard , Captain of the Enterprise.
I 've inhibited almost all activity in the neocortex.
The Lantree 's First Officer exposed your children to Thelusian flu for the first time.
No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me -.
Your music will help put an end to war and poverty.
There 's a place up in Maine.
Each file folder needs to go into its own Pendaflex folder , the appropriate one.
- What 's that guy 's last name again ? -.
Lieutenant Leslie Chapham , Arkham Police Department -.
In the bureau of the room of the Mr. Cavendish , under some clothes , I found a small bottle of poison.
She had a case on her computer we ca n't account for.
Down by the river.
It 's all that ghost 's fault Do n't hug it.
They arrested a young man for the shooting.
It was a bit bigger than a cocoa tin.
Monsieur Fingler , this jacket is too tight -.
It tells of a visitor ... from the future ... who left behind a mysterious device , the Tox Uthat.
I am trying to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
I have no desire to remain here.
This is the very first Basotile ever created.
Harry , remember that ad with the picture of Ronette Pulaski ?.
All I wanted was a ' 76 GLE.
MY FATHER 'S GLORY I was born in the town of Aubagne at the foot of the goat - capped Garlaban in the days of the last goatherds.
I think it 's a .357 Magnum.
I gave her my old television.
Proposition 41 , on the ballot in October , would provide for a new connecting spur to merge Highways 710 and 88.
So have you heard from Linda ?.
Do n't laugh about other people 's misfortune.
You wanna come back over there and sit down ?.
The maintenance men said they 'd be workin ' on it for weeks.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
This map was drawn up in 1894 , according to the treaty.
Well , I am very touched by your offer and by your friend 's insanity but to my family , this desk is a symbol of America.
Notice the perfection of the line , and rhythm of movement : " of end - week " it combines a dress radiant of white " crepe " pearl ... S'il vous plait , we look the Mademoiselle Molly Dean.
If your people have known for generations their sun is dying , why not simply evacuate the planet ?.
Speaking of blood ... - ... has anyone seen my grandson ? -.
It once changed the course of a young man 's life.
See , I was at a ... - ( fly buzzes ) I was at a Doobie Brothers concert.
So it tends to float to the surface.
It 's mating season.
You 're a lunatic !.
The only class in this act is sittin ' next to me.
Sometimes she cooks a pot roast.
This box does n't exist.
It is so simple.
For if the head is man 's noblest appendage - it is the most unpleasant part of a trout.
I 'm sure you 'll all enjoy it.
Does a newspaper fit snugly in your hands ?.
Marriage leads to everything bad in life : Work , kids , Habib shirts.
This equipment was designed for a different era.
Computer , reduce the height of the table by 25 percent.
The probe is moving with us , holding relative position.
The society is genetically integrated.
Cmdr La Forge is especially ... It did n't finish sealing the plasma conduit.
Mrs. Manson Mingott sent out invitations summoning everyone to a formal dinner.
I came up the island to look for a new horse.
It 's a long shot , but it 's ... Well , it 's legal.
Ignore your psychic abilities.
Had a sister who went to England 20 years ago , a brother who died in 1987 -.
Are n't you supposed to be in school ?.
You do n't want to startle it.
I do n't know , but they 're in my office right now reviewing our books.
She won the all - state competition for comedy and drama.
I borrowed the cat from the neighbour , to kill the mice.
We 're going to see the gators , girls.
This substance was found in the surrounding tissue.
The first is the staff a symbol of strength , yet flexibility.
The dragon has a wing.
See , Lear understood the world was decaying around him.
To see him like that was just ... Police are calling it a hit - and - run.
But do you really think that I would n't have a plan ?.
If we ca n't , we destroy the whole Bajoran system.
I envied Vedek Winn because she was a true believer.
It was the ugliest , most gnarled old tree I 'd ever seen -.
But ... do n't hit one of them , Doctor.
It contains much more than just emotions.
The freighter is an old Antares - class vessel with limited speed and range.
She said her new chief engineer had been experimenting with a warp drive.
Pattern lock established.
The victim is a Thomas Werner , single , white ... It 's Tooms.
It 's just like a roller coaster.
It could 've come from a necklace or a pendant , an earring.
For the kill # Tina got me this job.
BLACK BEAUTY : The bridge was flooded.
I want to get rid of him.
Incoming !.
Where does she live ?.
He was coughing most of the night , sir.
Waiter Yes I 've heard that the bean cube pudding is famous here Sure It stinks !.
Carbon monoxide poisoning but you 're sedated by the pills.
My father left me a hunting book.
There was no baby.
OK , I want you to clip on the battery and then run it to the lead wire.
We should know very soon if the machine has truly accepted him.
I spent the better part of sixth grade crafting it.
Well , that would be really nice , because ... it 's been my fantasy to be with a man who enjoyed doing the same things I do.
Victor , that little chip is worth well over $ 100,000.
I was just borrowing your computer.
It 's called X.X.L.L. Bean.
I voted for him.
There 's not gon na be a commercial -.
They crashed in the Andaman Sea off Burma [.
Last dry dock all galley vents were routed to refrigeration.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
It looks like the Marauder is reversing course , as though it were hunting us.
I used that in the Aegean campaign.
The only other thing I can come up with is a directional sonic generator.
It 's a two - man game.
The object could have been dangerous.
The man there says he has Molor 's head in a box.
I took care of your grandmother 's house.
We could charge big fines for trespassing or for spitting on the street.
It 's in the bone !.
Her name 's Rosanna.
The guy who had this place , he gave up a long time ago.
It seems Godzilla 's temperature is rising.
This force , this thing ... that lived inside of him ... came from a source ... too violent ... too deadly for you to imagine.
Sir , I fear the road leads nowhere.
You"d fight for any son of a bitch if he convinced you you were right -.
I 've just had a vacation with Len Bateson.
Joey , I ca n't believe this !.
You have to lean out of a castle to kiss the Blarney stone ?.
He can not control it.
STAR Labs has a subzero chamber there.
21 st century history is not one of my strong points.
There 's a strange phase variance in the radiation stream -.
So far , our sensors have detected four separate scans of the microprobe , each on a progressively narrower band.
The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat -.
You asked for them during your worst fevers.
I spoke to your mother about the veil.
Three days ago you pulled a job at the Army Research Facility.
I think I nailed it.
I never keep it loaded.
The world is speeding up too fast now , Eddie -.
It 's an E.M. prototype.
She said : " Until you get your grades up , do n't try out for anything " -.
It 's a purely professional curiosity.
No one knows who fed you this information.
And you ... You look like someone who 's been breathing in the air of Picasso 's studio.
It 's the famous Krupp 88.
It 's smooth and pretty , just like a movie star.
It 's a guaranteed franchise.
You stand for nothing but your own petty interests ".
I 've given them the island of Celini.
At 40 strokes , it will kill even a Narn.
The Babylon Project was our last , best hope for peace.
Kudos on that hat joke.
Because I understand your parole officer watches the show every night.
That I actually remembered it.
Has the bullet I supposedly fired turned up ?.
- I believed in what I was doing.
If Superman was n't able to save the space station the main thrusters were programmed to stop and the altitude thrusters would 've fired anyway.
- There may be a bomb -.
The bomb almost exploded.
It sent a plasma burst along the tachyon beam into our main power system.
They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognize unusual DNA patterns.
If you stopped thinking , so much about poetry ... you 'd make your father happier and you 'd make more money than him.
If you stopped thinking , so much about poetry ... you 'd make your father happier and you 'd make more money than him.
It 's a work of art.
What a big bell !.
What do you want ?.
Dad !.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
Fifteen years ago , John Hammond had a dream.
The Law forbids us to watch you go.
When I was a child , I would come to this park and play.
You must learn to control it.
T minus three minutes and counting.
To the peoples of ancient Arabia , the Djinn was not cute nor funny.
Mogge ?.
An internal investigation is being conducted.
I mean , I was the fool.
Today 's Puppet Land story is " Curious George Converts to Judaism " ".
This " gift " makes you see horrible images.
Dr Schlossburg 's body is gone.
The sheriff has assured me that everything that can be done is being done -.
Looks like it has a phase inverter embedded inside it.
It 's a new biogenic weapon still in the experimental stage.
I need you to contact the Council of Ministers.
Now , this is the way to build-- using nature as your guide.
If I were to let this go unpunished , there would be anarchy on this station within days.
Uh , the most recent entries are kind of strange.
Descriptions of bizarre images , almost like a record of her dreams.
Anger is one of its moods-- anger and the desire for ... retribution , vengeance.
So , because he was n't born on this planet , he does n't have rights any more ?.
But only at the risk of destroying yourself ( whirring ).
I had him hooked up , rolling , 41/2 ... 3 minutes.
He looks like a fucking loser.
And her horse fell ... and Judith 's foot was caught in the stirrup.
It ran right into Judith , and ... And she just disappeared.
Lovely.
Bud Parker , William Johnson ... you are charged with desecration of a public building ... and with the intentional use of prohibited paint colors ... in violation of the Pleasantville code of conduct ... and laws of common decency.
Magic is n't just spells and potions.
Copy it and send it for me.
Carbon - based elements in the fossils ... exist only in the Magellanic galaxy.
Samir in bed with them ?.
He has heard your music and it is good.
That night was Todd Sparrow his soul air.
The man was a cheat -.
I am familiar with a certain anomaly that could be categorized as an " interspatial flexure ".
A pig liver transplant is experimental.
Now , this catalog of various biologies will not be used for warfare , I assume.
I have n't been able to give it time because we 're up to our ears looking for the hit man after Garibaldi and there 's less than eight hours until the ceremony.
Its roots are deep and can withstand the worst storm.
You wanted the orchid , you got the orchid.
The pointer on the spirit board.
This wall is non - load bearing , so we can rip it out.
But the case I 'm about to describe is so horrific , it should never be discussed outside this room.
- You do n't pay soldiers to do their duty.
Bajor will be reborn.
So far , the crew has n't found any evidence to support my doubts about Arturis.
It 's generating as much energy every minute as a typical star puts out in a year.
We tracked it across 50 light- years.
As far as I know , it 's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe.
Janet said that the Goa'uld left after it died.
There was an energy burst , coming from the bridge of one of the ships , ... .. recorded at 1750 hours.
Well , if you think about it , the human body is just a machine.
You want my address ?.
You can break their backs with proof about this virus -.
What is the Matrix ?.
♪ 'Cause you were so high you were so shy ♪ ♪ You were so fucked up anyway ♪ ♪ Life keeps on tickin ' , ticking ' , ticking ' , ticking ' ♪ ♪ What 's wrong , baby ?.
Abandoned in Queens.
The issue here is whether someone totally unsuited for public office can buy his way into the United States Congress.
Asses of Fire is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Louhela , take the girls with the wounded to Lieksa.
But there 's a place here called " Hemmeligheder " -.
it 's genetically engineered by the US government.
Call me crazy but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful , one must project an image of success at all times.
Why do you suppose it ran off ?.
-Perfect.
I fucked up on Mary with the depth of field.
Casey is doing well.
I answered , " lt 's given up the ghost ".
Hear the Word of the Lord , Lord of the worlds whose anger was soothed by your prayers : The village of Polana will not be crushed by an iron rod , nor scattered like the desert sand.
How can a purse drop off from a closed handbag ?.
Nightmares are caused by irrational fear.
I think this is a summoning spell for something called ... Gachnar ?.
We 're in control here.
It 's a popular story among criminals that we never want to be caught by you , or by Andy.
She said I had as much chance of being struck by lightning as I had of being bitten by a dog.
They were playing the Timewarp , I hate the Timewarp ! -.
The Link is part of what we are.
I was on the Promenade.
Being unfettered by ethical subroutines has made me far more efficient.
This particular series has a class-1 1 intelligence factor.
It has a maximum range of 80 light - years.
So we 'll fly it to a closer planet with a Stargate -.
It 's an implant.
I could eat a whore.
This transponder chip is completely untraceable.
-Hagen wants Spec to hold the flag.
We developed a program.
It 's about a beach -.
The baby was a dream about life.
I have been told of a certain sea snake ... which has a very unusual method of attracting its prey.
All this trouble for a comb ?.
I woke up on a sidewalk.
What are your duties as chairman of the board ?.
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist to spot a clinker like this.
Tyrone , this is a stolen car , mate.
I hope you can appreciate the concern I have for my friend Franky.
This tree 's got duende.
I had it changed in America.
The clock in our house is always ten minutes slow.
We know that Lord Edgware changed his mind on the subject of divorce and that he wrote to his wife to acquaint her of that.
Yes , I understand , but you still have to get into bed.
Chamberlain 's appeasement tragedy up to the agreement in Munich.
Anyway , you must taste this wine.
10 bullets were recovered at the scene , but one was never found.
Seems wrong that I should die while the sun is still so bright.
Five are dead -.
We got a demon in here.
We got a demon in here.
The rod device , it 's called a ferula - gemina.
I think the spell is working.
The probe 's impulse thrusters are starting to fail.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
Its autonomic nervous system is failing.
It 'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components ... Now.
The enemy has many spies in his service : Birds , beasts.
It is theoretically possible to make a wave pattern in opposition to the Phantom energy.
It 's just the ... migrant workers.
It 's just the ... migrant workers.
It will get stuck in the rocks !.
We 're getting help from Dad 's best man ?.
In return , it provides power , longevity , protection.
Everybody knows I shaved for the " Do n't Tell Your Papa " video.
The knight Gregoire de Fronsac and his companion Mani ... were neither hunters , nor were they soldiers.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
For physics , Montinoff is having me write this essay - the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
My friend has been in bed for 6 weeks ... In the tank , a lobster eats itself slowly from the inside.
I was practicing for my fireman 's exam , which started seven minutes ago.
Get back , son , you 're going to lose a limb now [.
Chang 's Market.
Yesterday , imagery Analysis delivered a file requested by Muir 's secretary to your office.
It 's been lovely weather again today , has n't it ... out of the sun , of course.
An archeologist would murder us for not taking precautions before coming in here and distorting everything with our fingerprints.
Halt Lord Rokkaku 's attack on Hikoyama.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Free Software generally does have a copyright.
Director : Naoyuki Tomomatsu At the beginning of the 21st century all over the world 15 to 17 year old girls were dying by and by.
the latest chainsaw , " Blues Campbell 's Right Hand 2 " !.
It 's one book broken up into three pieces -.
- Previously on " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " : - Your sister took my Key , Dawnie , and she wo n't give it back.
The witch 's magic pales to the might of our god.
You see , once a familiar becomes a warlock , it has until the next new moon to purge itself of its old life.
That last bolt struck the warp manifold.
When she came in " , I totally forgot about the camera.
The op - ed page is sad.
I think it works.
The key still wo n't go into you.
Look , if you have a medical question , I 'm forced by hospital policy to answer you.
Maria has ten dicks -.
The ring looks beautiful on you.
Starfleet has a mission for you.
She 's going into neural shock.
The planetoid is in Nausicaan space.
She spent two years working on the gate prior to her five years of service at the SGC.
The iris is holding , but it 's starting to heat up.
There is a device in the chest that sensors indicate may be a power unit.
Nothing on or off world resembles the architecture.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
The asteroid has an irregular shape , but we 've calculated its length from end to end to be approximately 137 kilometres.
It 's a tunnel from the old system.
because the boy was employed in the funeral parlor.
My father was killed in battle too.
WE CANNOT TRUST THE WEST.
The tires felt a little splashy on the way over here.
THAT IS THE GENIUS OF THE N2 K , MR.
He came by looking for your father.
-Hey.
You are a bloody amateur.
In good conscience , I should say the custody hearing is probably a trick.
Jack , it 's Lloyd Bowman.
By calling me here , you people have committed a grave mistake.
That particular item is not for sale.
I want to restart my career.
Hear the dog howl and come back !.
The spring of God is never dry You can drink and slake your thirst.
Typhoon 13 is heading north and rapidly gaining strength.
But ... I 'm a fallen woman.
You are looking at a schematic of a Westbury 23 supercomputer.
This safehouse has saved me before.
The sex was polite.
I had this enormous crush on Madelyn Pruitt.
It 's a time of magic , all right.
He can hurt me ... without his head exploding.
But he 'll never say he loves you until he trusts you.
We 're talking about the Sea Hag , mysterious monster of the deep blue sea , whose name strikes fear in the hearts of sailors everywhere.
Reminds me of this water demon I read about in the Book.
I do n't even know where this store is.
The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought after.
They brought the weapons online right when we needed them.
So , we stay away from doggie , we find the Grudeks and we bring them down.
It 's in the frelling ship , the plant is in the frelling ship.
Find the problem , and fix it.
I wrote a song about the experience.
This chair is a little controversial.
I figured out how Lana got her visions.
Carter and Teal'c will think of something -.
It takes guts wearing a pink shirt on the BPD Homicide unit.
This is the queen.
In my experience , there 's usually not a three - hour lag ... between the call ... and the delivery.
You saw there was a child.
The power of the One extends beyond this world.
It 's a personal favourite of mine.
Fill that line in !.
They called him " Mariachi " because he used to carry this guitar.
It 's these dreams , Doctor.
The thin skin , that 's the Earth 's crust.
A revolution is n't a gala dinner.
They 're the same species of curculio.
Mom and Josephine are at the end.
Is it the fan belt ?.
3 - 2 for Germany over Hungary , a team that has n't lost a game for 4 1/ 2 years.
The machine predicts a war , and we go to war to avert it.
Its body armour is five times more effective than the armour you wear now.
It may sound stupid , but I 've been thinking it over.
I bid you welcome ... to the Hall of Odin.
The perfect human has to eat and drink.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
Imperial Steel Incorporated has many of the legal rights of a person.
However remiss the prosecutor has been in complimenting me he at least admits that I have brains.
Their existence is not retired , return to the mainland ?.
It was wired in a way that made it impossible to diffuse it.
Jack Bauer and Ryan Chappelle are on the line -.
The sun is not cold in the winter.
Shipman " could refer to the airfield in the Mojave desert.
Angel 's soul has been stolen.
It nearly decapitated me with my own stake.
Silly old Lorne , thinking it was about saving the world from ending.
I just do n't understand how all this could have happened.
I ca n't just pick up and leave and move to Hong Kong for the next six months -.
Rinse it out and put it back where you found it.
We charge our weapons the same way.
Some of those eruptions are getting close to Enterprise -.
You 're not getting enough sleep and you 're watching too much of this.
The mother plant is the key.
I told you to get it back three hours before ... I actually needed it back , and it worked out -.
Any idea how it works ?.
It is the only way to protect our people.
The mission will only be successful if I 'm on it.
It was originally found over 80 years ago in a pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt.
Ai n't no nigger from New York gon na change the facts from the ground.
There is a story , Riddick , of young male Furyans ... strangled at birth.
A red BMW can not disappear twice.
Just undiscovered science from an American ... named Thomas Edison -.
For heaven 's sakes you could have called me.
If that wizar had been Howl , your heart would have been eaten.
She told me that she is meeting with her youngest sister.
It is with the greatest pleasure that we declare this Exhibition of Science open.
Is the objection signed by a member of the Senate ?.
This test does not measure a student 's aptitude at reading , writing and arithmetic.
I 've brought you to the Library of Congress.
It 's the Centennial Bell.
Color in red wines comes from the skins.
I like how wine continues to evolve.
The device you 're wearing is hooked into your upper and lower jaws.
It 's a light - keeper 's house.
He wo n't get well if you do n't take care of him.
Been in the pool , destroyed any fingerprints that might have been on it.
" In memory of a loving weekend ".
The policy of indebtedness gave rise in Argentina to generations of technocrats and bureaucrats , who favored banks and international corporations over their own country.
These are her musical scores.
Younger brother , your wife just kicked me out.
This book says the English ' Armstrong ' cannon has a vent piece , so you do n't have to stick your finger in it.
If anyone suspects that I was here , there will be an investigation , and both of us will go to prison.
No.
It 's the only place he can go to avoid being sensed.
The komodo is found exclusively on the indonesian islands of Komodo , Rintja , Padar , Gili , and Mota.
We were defending our right to exist.
The spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence.
Your husband tried to murder me for a watch ?.
She 's , uh , volunteering as a grief counselor.
I funded all the RD personally.
This particular brand is like the prom queen of tyres.
This car went through a major collision.
Now , this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger , who lived in upstate Wyoming.
If you 're killed in the game , it will reset and you 'll start again.
We need to load it into the mainframe.
- Still unconscious , but he 's improving.
The Asgard can rapidly grow a human clone , but ... Area 51 has a sample of Goa'uld nanite technology from the planet Argos.
It 's one of Anna 's sketches.
Ishta believes traditions should persist at all costs , especially in the face of oppression.
The city has a shield , a force field holding the water back.
Long ago this city was a testament to our imagination , our creative spirit , to endless possibility.
That is why perfecting the drug is so important.
I believe the creature is related to the Wraith -.
Well , for one , the price of steel has doubled.
When I got out in ' 91 , the first thing I did was go looking for Lauren and Serene.
Love can be cruel -.
The robot ... It thinks it 's alive.
If you do n't the soldiers will come.
It was constantly being changed for various reasons.
The blood moon comes tonight.
Are you in love ?.
You dimed me out -.
Do you think things have a purpose ?.
I do n't have a gun -.
That machine , it was already buried.
I was touched by it.
It 's found in the body and so ... Uh - huh.
you do n't have to compete with her.
Your skin is different from I remember.
It 's like a zucchini.
I do n't want to play.
You 've made an old man piss in his pants.
The atomic age ushered in the first great age of movie science - fiction.
You would just think that , if our parents are going to destroy the world children would never do that.
The magician was so pleased with his invention , he ordered his imps to carry it around the world , so everyone would know what mankind was really like.
An old maid ... An old maid ?.
The table is just right for the new play.
I believe ... that all violence stems from sexual repression.
Tell me where the missile is.
The EMP has been activated , sir.
I need to set a relay closer to the building so I can boost your signal -.
It 's capable of learning , evolving.
I know the power - switching spell is in here.
Anyway- Margaret Blaine , she 's with MI5.
The Daleks destroyed my home , my people.
Cup of tea -.
Major Reed and the Doctor have asked for a few minutes ... to show me their latest project.
It just showed up in our yard yesterday morning.
Simply , Einstein 's ... attempt to ... explain the mind of God.
Which reminds me -- your sneaker factory in Canada -- I have a sneaker factory in Canada ?.
It was destroyed in a fire last month.
But we do make one label using this method.
My husband , he 's -- he 's an english lit professor.
The temple at Dakara is sacred to all Jaffa.
The weapon on Dakara was built by the Ancients.
Have you been unable to disconnect yourself from the system ?.
I 've injected him with a viral inhibitor.
Look , it 's an A.I. , an artificial intelligence.
Navigational controls are not responding.
She was cremated.
I heard .... I thought I heard .... There was this voice.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
More than anything , a Wendigo knows how to last long winters without food.
It hibernates for years at a time.
So salmonella is on the rise , so no.
His name 's Victor Pratt.
The case is closed.
The Legion gets the comb.
It was discovered in Burma six centuries ago.
Give me the keystone !.
The Grail.
True enough , this compass does not point north.
Send the energy back.
It should remain literature , not political agitation.
Talked to her before she died -.
At the end of my vacation I crept into Jane 's room.
It was in your jacket.
Is it clear or is it milky ?.
I 've managed to become thin without having any real muscle on me whatsoever.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
Taking to the road weeks earlier , she 'd managed to keep just ahead of the Soviet spearheads.
Well , it 's the most unbelievable thing you 've ever seen.
Madame Rosaleen Cloade -.
I think you should go , Klara.
My mother was a nurse in Puerto Rico.
Stay awake till ... Does this bus have a gas can ?.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
And so it is up to us to look at how we think about it , because our way of thinking is the third and final factor that transforms our relationship to the Earth.
This place is created by you.
Shot on a dusty backlot in Culver City , California , in just 12 days the movie was a box - office success.
It 's a remote timing display.
The mass is malignant.
It was the first jump !.
You do n't want the rainforest to die , do you ?.
My milky lens has popped out !.
Mr. Cain says he was home last week.
Natalie , it 's all about the doll !.
This inspection sticker expired yesterday -.
The Prometheus is protected by Asgard shield technology.
The Isolus has caused a lot of pain for these people.
Your mom said some pretty horrible stuff about him when we were growing up.
By the time he got back to Fort Douglas , the Shtriga disappeared.
It was in here !.
You can start removing Max 's liver.
It 's headed straight for the planet where we left Beckett and the prisoners.
Last night I saw a shooting star.
You must be out of your mind !.
It has a rotating tip.
The work being done in this place is important , Eko.
Yes , if the math checks out -.
We have a zero - point module ... which does what we 're attempting on a smaller scale : Extract energy from subspace - time -.
Ages ago , Morgan Le Fay enchanted the area with a terrible curse.
Go take on the blind folks to see David Copperfield ".
You 'll find a signed executive order on file authorizing a secret jury of six men and women to try , sentence and execute people guilty of extraordinary crimes while collaborating with the enemy at a time of war.
Yeah , that 's the Diamond Blossom.
Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
She 's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
The press is a tool.
It 's the head writer of The Girlie Show , Liz Lemon !.
Well , you had every right to be.
These murders are happening because of Torchwood , so Torchwood has got to do something.
I noticed some anomalies in the solar radiation belt.
Honky Grandma Be Trippin " ' made $ 96 million.
The town gets rid of Jonah Prowse and you get to save face.
Whoo ... Well , suffice to say , her thong was in his mouth.
I 've tracked the van 's route.
It 's called an Antibody.
You found the cure.
You are Robin Hood 's famous outlaws.
The message you sent with Carter.
I think it 's better to have someone.
Ivory - billed woodpecker.
This song just started coming to me.
He also built this coat rack lamp.
That hairnet ... has the Biggest Geekman award written all over it.
The company was sold this morning.
People are rising from the tyranny and oblivion to which we in the West have consigned them.
JOR - EL : Kal - El , the crystal you carry was made by Zor - El.
Raja 's going home.
He still owns it , what , 20 years from now ?.
Yesterday in your bedroom , in your real bedroom , it did n't roll.
I need a lift to Cannes.
It 's a modified version of the memory neutralizer that I designed years ago.
He 's had eight hours of normal monitoring.
Do n't show me !.
You need to know the story of your great - grandfather 's demise.
Shuuhei - san ... but your father arranged for Ajino - sensei to be a judge in the competition.
Yes ... was n't there a theft reported ?.
I like the mask because it hides my face.
Before time began , there was the Cube.
Are you nervous about going against Tank Evans ?.
It 's for M. De Marigny , and was just handed to me.
The Transcoder ... it 's a unidirectional biological encoder.
- Is this an emergency ?.
I found it in Japan when I was there with my band.
I found the star.
The human impacts what 's happening with global warming , climate changes it is happening first and fastest in the Arctic.
It 's a standard torsion seismograph.
Life is for living.
Just popped in to fix the toilet.
We the jury find Gertrude Baniszewski guilty of first degree murder.
One month before the armistice , Iraq bombed Tehran every day as if to wipe it off the map.
I built I.S.T. I have a game plan.
Last week , I received a letter from an old friend in London.
The Hadley foundation sold shares that day , Tyler.
You 're about to implement another new strategy regardless of the human cost or the financial cost because you predict ... We thought deeply about the human cost when we planned this strategy.
The clot 's gon na be constricting the flow in the hepatic vein.
We have no way to — You got X - ray vision , House ?.
YOU KNOW WHAT THE WEIRDEST PART IS ?.
SID found your finger prints on the Garza murder weapon , - just like you said -.
The bomb had a fail - safe.
General , we 've made visual contact with a single drone.
It 's hitting the planet.
I own a farm.
You did n't really like the movie , did you ?.
His Majesty the king and Lady Anne Boleyn -.
The disease of Lutheranism.
The man is an expert witness.
The man is an expert witness.
That is why we are wearing English uniforms -.
Gregg was testing treatments For a charcot - Wilbrand syndrome , Which means ... um , I , uh , I ca n't dream.
I think about the Infield Fly Rule.
I 'm a leg doctor.
But the Monsterpus has loved us from afar since we were amoebas.
The formula must be destroyed.
I 'm working with the home secretary , and we 're doing a background check on Hannah Cleary.
Alex would have been a wonderful teacher.
You asked me to teach it chess- - I taught it chess.
He was a hero.
It does n't feel pity or remorse or fear.
Mike , be glad you did n't have to see that.
I had your baby , and I gave it away.
They just want you to be as miserable as they are.
The bra is called the Harlequin.
I 've got to go to the emergency room ! -.
He just bought a second house in Catalina.
I was able to extract an undiluted sample from inside the needle shaft.
He loved experiments but he died the night before we dissected carp.
It 's for my little patients , The elves.
- Just over there , by the plant.
Last place I worked , the printer needed a code.
I 've still got your sonic pen.
Her name was naomi , and she claimed To be working for penny on a mission to find desmond.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The heaven of Pyrovillia is gone.
The creature knows this territory well.
Just do me a favor and go to the hologram room.
The kidney is like a chandelier.
It 's not like a knife through butter , no , no , no , no.
Yeah , and the Lone Ranger did n't have a thing with Tonto.
Now , this key is also from Bouchard 's stuff I found in Argentina.
Also , do you know anyone who can look after a kid ?.
This episode 's gon na be great.
Well , for what it 's worth , the knitting group at St. Alma 's added him to the prayer chain.
Nevertheless , the Tardis is a weapon.
- This is Time Lord treachery -.
You match the fingers to the victims yet ?.
Apparently , the orb was built to protect the human race.
- I misinterpreted the rules -.
The liver was not ripped out.
The new bean counter is questioning this lab request.
You want me to call for an evidence truck to come down here ?.
We thought about using a natural - language interface but decided against it.
In the near future , a computer system called Skynet takes over the world.
We all live in town.
Good effect on target.
Should n't you two be doing the after - action report on Alpha 's failedrecon mission ?.
Look , it 's been ... very interesting working here , but ... I 'm a man of science , and this place is just ....
You ca n't inject a Federal Officer with sedatives , steal government property , and then escape from protective custody , and then ask to be not treated like a criminal.
Calleigh , I just got a hit off of the rigged cell phone from the Escalade.
It was new for grace.
Politics is the art of the possible.
Know why I chose you at the synagogue ?.
Something I love about the Snowflake Ball.
As for nate , I 'm sure someone has told you that subarachnoid aneurysms are hereditary.
You 'll do the scene as written ?.
It means if the movie gets made you get another 200.
Well , I 've known the guy for like six weeks now , the only genuine moment I 've had with him is when he told me about a woman he never got over and a Mustang.
5.56 NATO ROUNDS ... MIXED IN WITH SOME 9 MILLS FROM THE SUBMACHINE GUNS.
* AND I REMEMBER ... * ONE MORE.
I saw Arthur lying under water , drowning , and there was a woman standing over him , watching him die.
" Glorious " is an emotional response.
It matches a description of General Grievous ' fighter.
Not long after the war broke out , he was accused of treason.
Mary shannon.
It was nice to meet you , Shmuel.
I found it in the downstairs bathroom.
- This is a military installation.
The blood trail ends here.
You said you threw the gun out.
The 3,000 manatees left in Florida are one of the last surviving sirenian tribes in the world.
In a hostage situation , any idiot can steal a gun and start shooting.
The cip firewall protects every major infrastructure system in this country.
They 've detected another firewall breach.
The lab found Godshaw 's DNA on it.
Look ... The peacock has the most beautiful feathers , the envy of all other birds.
Bootsie the pantry shitter ?.
Miss Beldon ?.
All of this is free.
It should n't spend its life on a wall in wherever the hell we were.
I thought I had a ring.
He 's not a serial killer.
Mr. Massey names all his paints himself.
I fixed the garage door -.
A battery is a galvanic cell.
All of a sudden , the car breaks down.
I really loved my father.
Now do n't forget , the clasp is broken.
The film is impotent.
If you ca n't also-- Fine , you want to separate a patient 's central nervous system from the rest of his body.
How can you know the truth ?.
The cat was not predicting deaths.
While discussing important objects , I put Anne 's marble on my desk.
Andrew Staines , Ellen Hunt , Michael Sanders , mean anything to you ?.
They are servants of Sauron , and he seeks the Ring of Barahir.
Jane Tipson , she was murdered.
Here you have this dolphin , wild and on its own terms , come up and really seek out affection and touch.
Unfortunately our secret is no longer safe , the foolish Hobbit revealed his name.
In 2007 it kidnapped Dr. Alistair Fleming and forced him to regrow its organic covering.
Someone came on the radio , said that the people that killed my sister were coming to kill me.
In the past 24 hours , a theory of evidence has emerged.
This whole thing is falling apart.
E island is a mysterious place.
It 's called Labella 's.
I pray jesus , if he wills , to send us a prince !.
The movie received lukewarm reactions.
Brackowitz.
I do n't have a boat.
but the soul ascends to a higher level Heinrich such beautiful words you have just said of the soul and such I think I already like you very much Heinrich The philosophy of the people , my dear child does not serve to console the weak.
His name 's jonathan Carver , a man with the right clearance at the right company ... and the only employee who does n't have a family , a dog or an A.D.T. Account.
You know what the Talmud says ? ".
This is my job ; I 'm the one who should be doing it.
The fact is he just wants to hang out with me , all the time.
Then Tony McHenry was killed when it locked up on the racetrack.
I think my arm is broken.
This is all your fault !.
Both the victims had been surgically implanted.
November 822 , pilot in distress !.
Man , I 'd like to see her face , too.
A becomes B , B becomes C. Then comes the hard part - and I 've transferred it to this machine.
What if his last living act was to donate a part of his liver ?.
It 's called " What 's The Point ? ".
white collar Season01 Episode03 The bible belonged to the church of saint camillus de lellis in naples.
But the crust is so good.
What is the Crystal of Neahtid ?.
Do n't move , I 'll kick the shit out of you.
It uses it as a protective cover and as a weapon.
I 'm sick of doctors.
Did I tell you about Father Hyun praying for Kang - woo ?.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
He 's the prophet that predicted the annihilation of the earth ".
She 's gon na need clothes.
Based on the co - ordinates we got from Sam ... we 've determined that the Cylon colony is located here.
The Yasakani no Magatama was created By my ancestors.
Kyo is a half - breed.
It can give you great strength and power That 's addictive and destructive.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
The battle of censorship will not be finally settled by Your Honor 's decision , but you will either add to liberal , educated thinking , or by your decision , you will add fuel to the fire of ignorance.
The moment Flynn is on the Grid , Clu will stop at nothing to obtain his disk.
This tubular pillar is crucial to the Buddha.
The anchors of the show are difficult and semi - talented -.
It 's a twin X deluxe The Rolls - Royce of strollers - Is n't it awesome ? -.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
The FLN supports the armed struggle.
I keep that gun for sentimental rea-- Do n't shoot !.
I 'm an actress.
It is also the diminutive of Maximus.
I touched the first cow as it was being stunned.
The speech is gon na be epic.
I looked out the windows when we were in Lincolnshire , I saw this fucking tree.
René Fulcignoni.
My father 's coffin- you found it ?.
- Then shame on you for being talked into it so easily.
I mean , each robot would be unique and uncopyable.
You too , Keon Lacy , stay.
He gave me the specs , I made the device , I put it in a basement at the epic hotel.
Agent Miller has been working undercover for the CIA , playing the girlfriend of suspected arms smuggler , Karl Stromberg.
She 's his toy.
So they turn around the earth all day and return to Belgium at night , to sleep.
Alice ... Have you seen my gun ?.
This rock ... This rock has been waiting for me my entire life.
The rabbit ... No can do.
I fear I slept through most of it.
Excuse me , Your Grace , are you suggesting we oppose the war on humanitarian grounds ?.
You do n't like the vacuum sweeper ?.
The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i 've got an insurance policy that 's gon na keep that from happening.
Look , I 've had several complaints , but the company is not going to admit it made a mistake.
I 'll fuck up my car.
But marriage is n't a prize , is it ?.
GRUNTS ] Look , the legend of Siobhan McDougal is just a ghost story.
The soap is old - style.
They always mess it up.
No , but you once used it to take the Sword and compass from me.
I told you three times today that the screen pass was a bad idea.
It 's not that I do n't love you , but I 'm still not sure that we have a future together.
But it turned out that the cancer had spread to her brain and that was why.
Where would you hide a coin ?.
Anna , please see that Lady Mary is fully equipped to go hunting.
She let herself fall in love with their charismatic leader.
The dog is gone.
Since a spot opened up at billingsley academy.
Plympton know that you 're here.
Atlanta is n't what we thought.
Initial analysis of the powdered bone dust revealed traces of blastomyces dermatitidis.
We just got the results back from the second bubble we found in the chocolate.
The Scarlet Letter.
So Clark Luthor is the mysterious Ultraman of Metropolis.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
Three weeks ago I was on this rooftop and I opened a portal using the Book of Rao.
And it 's on this DVD.
Nothing.
Agent Williams was investigating a rebel group in Chechnya.
Identity was a concern , so they handled all communication electronically.
Even if we get eyes in ... The front door opens the wrong way.
LOCKWOOD : It 's good for Tyler to have you in the house -.
What do you know about the moonstone ?.
There 's a lump of plastic that used to be a laptop.
The result was the global recession ... which costs the world tens of trillions of dollars ... rendered 30 millions people unemployed ... and doubled the national debt of the US.
The murderer is still a free man.
This is your fault.
The honey was not sold until the end of the 19th or into the 20th century.
Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved " for watching Joss Whedon 's brilliant new series Firefly ".
So you played baseball as a boy.
Lady Rochford and other maids of Her Majesty have come forward with corroborating evidence of their frequent intimacies.
Chance is all over it.
I got the FBI on board with Caffrey , but you ?.
The blood - type of the semen 's donor is the rare RH - A type.
Alex , your movie just blew up.
That pie smells really good.
These are numbers -.
The weapon is n't the source of the events.
You once asked if I could remember my mother 's name.
So you did n't go back to the memorial to finish up Toby 's handiwork ?.
Say hello to the brand - new Italian reading lamp that you 've always wanted.
They picked up chatter regarding Royce 's summit tomorrow in DC.
Hooman has a crayon.
I thought it was such a great idea For you to go live with your grandfather.
- I did n't steal anything -.
I 'm 1 00 % committed to your ongoing rehabilitation.
Why was she wearing the suit ?.
It must have slipped onto her at some point.
Could you make out the model or make ?.
Because any one of them could turn against you.
Do you have enemies ?.
- Morgan , Quinn -.
This is just a fact - finding mission.
My name is Thomas K. Rhumor , and I have proof that Truxton Spangler is manipulating intelligence at the American Policy Institute.
Besides , this girl was n't even raped.
I wrote down the whole story of the day you were born.
Um ... 11 of these men paroled in the early nineties have the exact same last known address.
If I wanted to kill you , I 'd invite you to my hunting lodge.
I was in a situation , gallivanting through the forest.
That dagger is the reason he invaded Alamut.
The Kraken is the end of us.
So ... I just wanted to clear the air.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
The second emperor of the Han dynasty locked his least - favorite wife in this urn for 10 years to the day.
It originated in Haiti , if memory serves.
The Trade Union Movement was founded to protect workers.
The Belgrano is sailing directly away from the islands.
I 'm sick of screwing in the open air.
- Do you love it ? -.
The mine is ready.
But , Father , the government is openly attacking the church.
It detects moisture.
NAOMI CHUCKLES ] So this must be a fun job.
We 've all seen the bones on the trail to Mount Grimmoor.
you do n't wanna cancel your policy.
it 's German ? -.
This guy Kozlow came after me , thinking he 'd force my father to give it back.
I really wish I could believe in that stuff.
I hope that the row with Paul was not something serious.
Dear Claire , I ca n't work the bake sale because you 're a bossy control freak who look down ... " Very funny , Jay.
Now she 's gon na read it , and she 's gon na think it 's from me !.
There 's no sign of a driver.
We give the residue the half - life we want.
Anger is n't the answer.
It 's called Jaws.
The slap was a nice touch ... Oscar - worthy.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years.
He demonstrated how the carnival is liberating.
Talk to me in Japanese.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
It means my tongue comes towards you.
That smell never went away.
I found this fuckin ' doll on the bed again.
LOIS GROANS ] I carved it out of a piece of dwarf star material.
Yes ... Paul had no choice but to punish his wife ... I love you.
The Grand Canyon.
It 's complicated or you just do n't wanna talk about it ?.
Well , a unique black - market pigeon blood recently made its way to New York , and none of the local shops have anything like it.
We lost imaging , database , everything.
SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ] I first heard this music on Earth.
It is the core of all humans.
If it comes to worst , I will take your son under my care.
Plus he was shot , just wanted to get out , treat his wound.
Instead , you take the seed of a healthy tree and infect it with a fungus that genetically alters it 's root system.
Many believe the seed of a Gaul to rival that of Jupiter himself.
Tullius is far too cautious to ever lower guard.
Elian is an angry child , but he would not do this.
No one will care if they go missing , plus they 're neck - deep in debt.
It gave The Arcadian a regal elegance.
[ SHOVEL digging ] Tell me where you buried the blanket !.
If it works , it will be ... truly grisly.
We have all sullied it with our greed and lechery.
Ready ?.
Trying to talk her into the idea of Sir Richard.
Blue Energy has two forms.
Protocol for a cleaner in a foreign theater is to establish a storage space.
Every single one of these has to be wiped , reformatted , the whole shmeel.
Sadly , it 's given up the ghost.
A rugby team ... is like the Foreign Legion.
The woman was Kira Solari , right ? -.
The night Brother Sam carried Nick from his apartment ... Nick fired a shot at him.
Harry 's code.
Things would 've been good if we had n't had you.
I could 've sold this shack ... It 's Mom 's.
The worm !.
State of the art.
If you 're still sitting in the box , then you will be serving on this jury.
You 're gon na save them a bundle on the audio package.
I 'm not going to be bullied by an ambulance chaser , no matter how nice the suit.
And the guy would like the option to literally get down on his knees and beg her to give him a second chance.
This ring is pretty amazing.
Previously on " the Vampire Diaries " ... The only thing stronger than your craving for blood is your love for this one girl.
In exchange for our other child , you will see to it that our land is once again fertile.
It 's a movie ?.
Dad , there 's some freaky dude at the door screaming about money.
Right now , a predator drone is circling the compound.
We do n't have any A.C. at home.
The virus is too dangerous to be released into the world !.
Britta 's just having a rough time because her friend 's in prison.
You were the one , who saved me.
I need to stop the bleeding.
If we go outside of the track , we could hit healthy brain tissue.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
Negative energy feeds on trauma and pain.
The Pope 's box ?.
Well , you ca n't tell by looking at hi we wanna see the body.
That said , I do know a 3 - year - old boy that once met a friendly apparition named Leverett Saltonstall -.
But what Greendale has always needed is a miracle.
Fine , stand up for the oppressed.
You should n't have destroyed it.
Half a million dollars ?.
Well , he promised to resolve the situation with nolan discreetly.
I have the advantage over my adversaries in that I know what cards they hold whereas they are oblivious to my hand.
If you 're a communist , join the Viet Minh.
I baked this cake for you.
I 'm not playing.
Find someone else , Matrakçı.
Returning is not a skill it is a necessity , İbrahim.
This baby is fully equipped.
I never fly if I can help it.
Our world is not more transparent now.
These men are ruthless and vicious.
This has nothing to do with my original logo.
You tried to hang me with your belt !.
It ca n't be the same one because her pearls are in this safe the manufacturer clearly explained is uncrackable.
The rarest Winslow Homer the world has yet to see.
We 're still settling in but I got new curtains for the bedroom and I ordered a ... Oh , son of a bitch !.
It was so big and it was so bright.
It was so big and it was so bright.
Thanks to its all - natural microfibers , the Thneed is super - absorbent !.
Noel.
If every infected person fed on or infected the rest of the people , the entire population would 've eaten itself off the planet long before Christ was even born.
A cat used to come to our garden.
You reinstate me as Head of Nuclear Research , so I can finish building my bomb.
We are just days away from testing the new missiles.
Your donation was more than generous.
And I do n't even have a uterus.
The Soy Sauce chooses you.
Are you happy with that arrangement ?.
It was a couple of hours after the sun went down.
It 's a gaming laptop.
Dr. Ling was right.
According to witnesses , I can find Barberis ... Not bad for an office guy , huh ?.
This whole thing was supposed to go off without a hitch.
Twelve hours of fire should achieve it.
And this is seriously the best night I 've had in ages.
A body turned up in Canton , Ohio.
I should have destroyed it , but I was too damn proud of myself.
And that idea is called the anthropic principle , That everything happened just so that we could know it happened , But there 's a problem with the anthropic principle.
Only one other thing uses the same Gaussian wave packets.
Has anyone ever seen the sky like that ?.
Your hands are much more sensitive than mine thanks to your condition , so I 'm more than willing to leave this to you.
I can not be a man with wishing , therefore I will die a woman with grieving.
These are both for the same woman ?.
You and your seven brethren will bring joy to yourselves and to everyone.
If you did , you would have done it 28 years ago , when I brought you here.
Finally , pile all of the red bell pepper strips together ... Mom !.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
The SUV was registered to the wife of a Turkish oil executive that paid for plane tickets used by an Iranian suspect in the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994.
I wanted it to run faster , so I smacked its butt.
Because if it 's a 3 - way , I got ta warn you , that 's how I met my ex - husband.
Travis is dead -.
Hmm , it was on a washing machine.
I should n't have brought Sam into this [.
While working at his firm , at any time , have you and Will Gardner engaged in a sexual relationship ?.
That move you put on the DB ?.
You did n't drink anything or eat anything ?.
Your tumor is right here , near the shoulder.
He shot my dog -.
Give it to me and you 're free to go.
But I have deleted the last sequence , and without it , it 's useless.
But I do know one thing for certain-- the bloody hoodie they found in Lee Moran 's car did n't belong to Lee Moran.
Is n't Judge Wynter relevant ?.
Kane ultimately finds out about it and kills him for it.
The temporalis muscle is atrophied.
My fight was never with you.
Look at it !.
It 's not just any zombie movie.
- To Walter 's stock auction -.
This hummus is wonderful.
It turns out there was this RICO case , right ?.
Been in the private sector a little more than four years now.
We are looking for a decommissioned NYPD van , presumably sold at auction , then painted brown.
He says he has evidence that will stop the sale.
You asked me if the machine was capable of learning human nature.
And this alarm system , does it call the local police ?.
So my penis is fine , right ?.
Now , Frank says you claimed to have seen ... some sort of creature that was alive.
Cats do n't , like , um , play possum , do they ?.
It was founded in 1901 , connected to the Japanese imperial army.
Tens of millions of euro are spent on railway lines that never work.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Unit five that is planned to be built in Ptolemaida has a budget of 1.5 billion.
Just get her out of the barn , it might bring her back to life.
Plus Professor Peiser taught my favorite journalism class at Columbia.
Full immunity from all charges , both past , present and future -.
24 hours in custody is a long time.
My car already looks like it 's covered in mashed potatoes.
My mother ... is always watching ... like the " Mona Lisa ".
Dr. Ross , you 'll make sure that the liver gets here ?.
It can detect grooves and lands on a slug more efficiently than any computer.
My mom kept a diary.
Four organized crime members of the Rulanti family were arrested today for the attempted murder of the head of the Spolarno family.
The elders say , someone has cursed the sea.
- What thing ? -.
For example , T99 's " Anasthasia ".
I like this song.
You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is ?.
I say unto thee , the power of Christ compels you !.
The coat costs $ 300,000.
It 's not charging.
I can still see him , the last of those magnificent warriors , standing on a pile of his own.
It 's a piece of ormolu.
I 'm just a lowly factory worker.
You do n't know shit , and another death is n't going to do anybody any good.
I found it in Aunt Katya 's toolshed.
Mr. Wheatfield crossed it.
This is the biggest spider that I 've ever seen , maybe the biggest spider on record , and from the look of the bite that it gave that mortician , I 'd say this thing is highly poisonous , aggressive , fast , smart.
When the ash tree was created ... it made all the other trees in the forest jealous , because it was ....
It 's from a smell factory , on the New Jersey Turnpike.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
Their leader Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness and it was called the Aether.
But to answer your question , the Lo - yack is an excellent product.
Do n't touch it.
I fall off the ladder.
Madam Zuleika , or Romany Lee , Gypsy Queen ?.
The cheese will be served after the cakes , my lady.
Where is the camera ?.
You do n't want everything going into the Roth IRA.
Does n't have the stopping power of a 12 - gauge , but you seem comfortable with it.
Cassie Boyle would have been your first victim.
Lung cancer.
Got your babysitting duty , huh ?.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
The painting of my cock should hang at the Louvre.
My cock is hard.
If it could save small Somali children from starving , it would and should , and it 'll have a Nobel fucking Peace Prize for it , the first such prize ever given to a cock.
Chuckles ] Crazy Little Thing made close to $ 300 million worldwide.
I love this place.
You have your sides ?.
It was your symbol of hope and absolution.
It 's used as a launch platform.
Barton got the bottle , and ... Oh , he buried him in lava.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
The head should pass through your body in three to five days.
Thank you , This clock is broken.
Adam is great.
Why did it disappear when Markussen died ?.
The Code noir a decree that dictated the conditions of slavery , did not exist on these grounds.
Can you trace the source of the email ? -.
I beat you fair and square -.
So if you agree on a wholesome variety show and all of a sudden it 's filled with satire-- the most threatening humor there is-- you 're worried about people hating what you 're selling.
Unroll it like this , and the story flows out in the pictures.
Placed in the fire , it will not burn.
It 's no accident that Zach Hamilton is here.
Lyric was telling me about this blue ring her grandmother used to have.
Hey , if it is n't Jay Plunkett.
Pedro 's work is disgusting.
She 's just a kid.
It 's evidence Petrovic killed her.
This is the most exhaustive investigation in Swedish history and the only suspect ... - Is Christer Pettersson -.
Oh , my God , we are Rihanna and Chris Brown !.
But then he kind of got fed up when it was so much about me and my career.
Actually , it 's in the Kingdom of Damarian on the north shore of the Dragon Fields of Zorn.
My cancer was a death sentence , remember ?.
You fought for a machine that does n't work.
Yesterday I did n't feel in love.
Penguins are adapted to withstand temperatures of 40 degrees below zero , not 40 degrees above.
The advancing Sahara vaporised the world 's largest lake , leaving behind the silvery remains of countless microscopic algae.
All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field.
Save the rest for divorce court.
Caretaker Bang , former triple jump champion , say that Audun Boysen ate two slices of bread with liver pate , three kelp tablets and a tablespoon of powdered kelp before competitions.
Okay , Neruda , this play is extremely complicated.
A dog attacked me.
A dog attacked me.
Meanwhile , the State Police are manning the roadblocks.
National service , it has become worthless.
We just have a few more questions for you about Angie Gower.
You were raised far from reality.
In seven days , Tung 's spirit will come back.
I do n't need fake IDs.
Your mom really does hate change.
To keep it from his father.
It has touched the very blood of your Christ.
It sat deep beneath Jerusalem , buried , for centuries.
Like a black hole.
It moved itself.
You made the machine to protect everybody.
Is our personality genetically pre - programmed ?.
Maybe you need to wake up , start thinking for yourself ?.
It was a beautiful wedding -.
A fish does n't breathe ?.
So , when it 's washed up , it 's dead ?.
I have two of them , from a surgery I had to correct misshapen cartilage I was born with.
Malibu beach house gets you laid every time.
These objects do not belong to us.
Losing a member of your pack is n't like losing family.
It is a 400 TwinX. A female.
I packed your suitcase.
I done a lot of killing , both during and after the war.
So , in the messages that she passed on to that reporter , Vanessa Hiskie , did ... she never referred to Kleinfelter by name ?.
Mrs Blunt said the library door was locked when she came back to the house.
It was empty.
I believe El Cucuy wanders from place to place.
Must be an electrical fault.
There is this pizza place called Gazzola 's.
The bridegroom has got the ring And it 's such a pretty thing He slips it on her finger And the choir begins to sing Does the spearmint lose its flavor On the bedpost overnight ?.
How many mermaids in a Pod ?.
Just because I printed a fork does not mean my research is a joke.
There 's a junkyard in Tarrytown with an industrial car compactor.
If this intel was disseminated , it was done so directly to you.
Well , it is possible to stop it -.
what , did somebody call in a missing doughnut ?.
You stay over my place for the weekend , And there 's hair all over every pillow , and a bra on every door knob.
Last week , there was a young boy here with a crust of bread he 'd spread with honey.
The prophecy is made - up but it 's also true.
The minivan and the green SUV -.
It got wedged in.
My family had a little situation , so ... Really ?.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
Ben 's been through all this before.
The Box ?.
I remember when this song was just considered bad.
I can flip the switches.
The storm can not be stopped.
This tornado just touched down.
We came up with an awesome plan.
So just your brother , Molly Hooper and 100 tramps.
The Dr.iver must have diverted the train and then detached the last carriage.
Right now , it 's settling somewhere it thinks it 's safe from outside threats.
This thing is like any intelligence.
He hung himself in his jail cell with a sheet.
We 're sold out.
It is a fierce and jealous love , Bilbo.
It sent his grandfather mad.
If I can not liveth with thee ... then I shall not liveth at all.
This plant needs to be pruned ... in order to grow right.
The Death Wolf is n't a demon.
They spent about 40 years in the desert trying to escape.
Yeah , you can run , but if you leave those gates ... I swear to you , your hideous doppelganger ... who looks a lot like the lead singer of the Counting Crows ... will get it !.
When you sold it to Robbie , how 'd you get it back ?.
That the club scapegoated me , which is pretty much the truth.
You broke my arm !.
But it does n't read as the wrong card now.
It ha ... it has night vision -.
It does n't have night vision goggles.
- I shake it three times -.
- Yeah , Stu used to pop them all the time.
We meet at a dangerous time when a setback in the financial markets has been misrepresented as a crisis in the engine room of capitalism itself.
It 'll have all my keystrokes logged , back up what I 'm saying.
I have a bad connection.
The weapons ' rack is stocked with the latest and the greatest.
The Burguesinha is well loose.
I like Marie - Colette 's magazine.
The exchange is tomorrow held in Luxembourg.
It 's the first Medal of Honor awarded to a Hispanic - American , Corporal Joseph De Castro.
What you 're seeing here is aerial surveillance footage of the Bawri Tana marine combat outpost -- or what 's left of it.
Beijing , China Over in Asia , professional gamers are treated like rock stars.
I am , April 's good friend Joss.
Henry Renard , the only son of Harrison Renard.
Anger is an energizing emotion , prompts action against threat.
My boy 's wound wo n't heal.
So , you see Humanichs as a cure for childless couples.
He went home with some guy last night.
I was with Beth.
I 'm her brother -.
I create a boundless world , and I bind it by rules.
Special dollhouse delivery for Lily !.
There is a bone in the back of your ear.
Six months later ... It is a real scam.
It 's a lucky charm -.
That canal is so narrow , we wo n't have any margin for error.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The Gutenberg Bible ?.
The sun throws a certain amount of energy onto this planet.
It 's a rabbit.
I am a sexy , heroic firefighter , - and you are a burn victim -.
So much pain this body has seen.
I do n't live in a building.
No , the sex was fine.
I found your Mustang.
The only way Da Silva sails off into retirement is if the boss dies.
It 's reputed to have healing powers.
You 're fired.
- This my dear viewers , is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity for a few minutes uncensored material to see , I have something important to say , I had to kill and will even dying to be on TV , I call you the facts , The U , S , government is funded by the rich , It keeps the people on the intellectual level of children ,.
I would like , that you wake up and change you , Before I tell you what you should do , I give you the facts , And I 'm talking about facts , The NSA stores all calls , E - mails and SMS , People like Snowden or Assange , which provide valuable information , be prosecuted by the U , S , government , It is funded by the rich , She wants the people ignorant and hold the intellectual level of children ,.
You 're a coward.
It 's called lichen and it 's highly toxic.
First , the lichen is not a cure.
What we 're dealing with here is basically someone who lacks motive.
A Rob Roy.
Then the Aswang would flick its long black tongue and eat the baby.
We have the same microwave.
Dildos and toys are on the wall.
Mr. Roscoe Pelfrey ?.
The solicitation Ms. Groves gave me is visually identical to an image commonly sent out as spam.
She used a blocker.
We lost 160 men ... a ... a catastrophic propeller malfunction of some kind.
Besides the fact that I have bone cancer , I 'm great.
We are currently transporting the latest , most advanced mineral extraction equipment from Cedars to the boom - town of Defiance.
No , my gut says that whoever ran away is our killer and that Lily Greene is a completely innocent schoolteacher who just had the worst night of her life.
But I got a call from the editor of New York Lawyer , and they want to interview the man responsible for making that happen.
I like to go to sleep with the sound of Kim 's voice.
You always keep a machete in your room ?.
But you better turn that gun on yourself next , Mr. Collier , because you have broken just as many laws , and the only difference is , I did n't wrap myself up in the American flag and try to convince people that I was a hero.
My assistant , she 's always trying to screw me.
The day of my marriage , a secret contract was slipped in amongst the others.
So when you say women can vote , you mean , like , besides for American Idol ?.
In seven days , we run out of food.
Quarantine the healthy animals.
It 's a Ficus benjamina.
Put it back.
Me ... I 'm never half - cocked.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
That was the best spaghetti I 've ever had.
Spare me the suspense and tell me what your " save the day " plan is.
So classical four - dimensional general relativity combined with the nuclear forces can explain the relative abundances of all known elements in the universe.
You need to tell people what happened to you.
They dumped it in the basin.
decide whether or not I go to jail tonight !.
Why does a hospital need a doctor ?.
DOT , DOS.
But why John Alden ?.
So the angioplasty was a success.
I got out because Re - Kon was high and I did n't like the way he was driving.
I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat.
The Espheni are using these roads to haul children to God knows where , which means there 's a damn good chance my daughter 's at the end of the line.
There 's an alien life - form fusing with your human DNA.
The Beamer is important.
Before his untimely death , my brother implemented a safeguard.
Bates 's gear is not all it 's cracked up to be.
I got so obsessed with it , for three months I would n't respond to anything but Ariel.
I can hear the recorder in your pocket.
The card 's rfid architecture is like nothing I 've ever seen.
A Navy man at the turn of the century invented incendiary warheads.
You could 've left him in the building , you know.
There are other people in the fucking world !.
What do you want with the acetate , Midnite ?.
I drew on the disc 's own dark magic to send it back to hell where it belongs.
It was a necklace that Stefan had given me.
You told me you would n't help me fight a war , John.
Benoît living here with you , finding a job at the same hospital where you work -.
You 're having an emotional reaction to your surroundings.
So the letter was actually from her parents ?.
It 's good to meet you , Nathan.
I shouted " Attack " , and she fell.
He 'd had it for years.
Hey , it 's me , Sarah !.
But from my first hearing of it , this tale has haunted me.
I 've always wanted to be a dad.
It tracks subprime mortgage bond value.
Morgan stock has lost half its value.
Felt weird pointing a rifle at you even if it were n't loaded.
I can not carry this body with me.
I set the alarm at your condo , and I gave my keys to your pet - sitter , like you told me.
But I realize now that keeping something to myself is ... Selfish.
This is amazing.
Look , the big companies , they pay me for my shelf space.
The burro do n't want to vámonos.
It escaped capture ... aboard a stolen Corellian YT model freighter.
He 's a BB unit with a selenium drive ... and a thermal hyperscan vindicator.
I thought you said the dog was dead.
I actually ... I dropped a couch on it.
Jeanine murdered an entire faction , Caleb.
Although , this is the ugliest fucking necklace I 've ever seen !.
I have a job for you.
Keep them.
Well , they 're right in some level , because our economy is based on materialism , it 's based on these kinds of values.
Lift up my skirt and show my underwear ?.
Look , Harold was an accountant.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
But he 's doing well now , the fresh air will do him good.
I want you to cut off my arm -.
The Mosasaurus !.
It leads to an elevator.
A violence initiated by these evil men ... will be brought to justice ... in the name of decency ... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán.
One skin cell , one strand of hair , that 's all I need to grow a piece of Aleister.
This lot is for Great Auntie , and this lot for our neighbours -.
But this film is different.
The Verbis Diablo , the Devil 's Tongue , has roots as old as Aramaic and likely much older.
Do you know of the medical neurosis called the phantom limb ?.
All right , try to keep it up for three minutes.
All right , try to keep it up for three minutes.
Oh , it 's not a solo piece.
They bought a goat and are calling it Preben.
The truth has no need for ploys.
The truth has no need for ploys.
I told you , you brought your cell phone into my house.
'Cause it 's been , like , two minutes and you have n't even brought up Stand By Me.
The Camino robs you of all of your strength ... and gives you three times as much back.
You 're the one that jumped on the first plane to Iceland without a plan.
The plan 's perfect.
The computer in the engine , it locked in the middle of the Rockies.
We 've been pen pals.
Everything is gon na be great.
Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.
France has no further interest.
I would have loved to have gone.
Everyone knew you were the famous Dr. Thackery.
I have nothing to do with you !.
The last thing your mother said to me was your name.
For 97 years , Mount Weather has been our home.
How do you know Tom 's killer had a blue jacket ?.
Well , I guess this really is n't the kind of place where you get to know your neighbors.
I keep you because you 're a serpent.
Do we talk about teacups and time and the rules of disorder ?.
But I take no pleasure in it ... in cruelty.
The bumblebee is too heavy to fly.
Did you know that the bumblebee is unable to fly ?.
Someone who saw Spencer Hastings in the DiLaurentis backyard with a girl , a blonde dressed in Alison 's clothes , the night that Bethany was buried in that yard.
It 's due east now.
It might hit Bermuda.
I lost my job because of you.
So this office printer was n't on the same network as the other printers ?.
This war started decades ago , when SHIELD was founded to guard the world against people like us.
I held on to the vita - ray detector from project rebirth.
This city does n't deserve a better tomorrow.
If it continues , the peacekeeping mission will fall apart.
It has an eagle - shaped hood ornament.
It was abandoned three days ago.
They named the guitar as a murder weapon ?.
I 'm going home , Louis.
The real killer is a zombie.
Anne 's dad gave it to me to propose with.
Lucas 's murder did n't buy you any goodwill ?.
You were ... distraught , rightfully , and your brain scans showed abnormalities.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
I saw Kurd 's ghost.
Catherine mentioned the chapel that Father built for you.
Can you tell me where Jim O'Donnell 's office is ?.
- Previously on Reign ... - The Duke of Guise , your uncle , is - a dangerously ambitious man -.
It does n't heat well.
I 'm walking in the woods , carrying a body.
It 's the disease.
The stroller is empty !.
We wo n't be able to get back in.
Not if Mary becomes my wife.
Please tell me you have the camera -.
Two years ago , when the Machine moved itself , it did n't go to a data farm.
I liked it.
But you 're not the heir to the throne anymore.
The bullet nicked the right lung.
It has a percussion cap , Which causes it to essentially explode.
When someone twists a knife in your gut , I feel like I want to twist one right back.
We need to bomb the hell out of this place.
$ 50 bill , key card , and a cash receipt.
The Hybrid is supposed to be half Time Lord , half Dalek '.
The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct.
Any secret , no matter how small , can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you.
The FBI 's always on alert.
It moulds itself into a humanoid form.
Anyway , with a bit of luck , we can put Excalibur together tomorrow , and then ... bam ... No more darkness.
Fishlegs , that was just about the craziest and bravest , but mostly craziest , thing I have ever seen anyone do.
We all remember what these guys ' stings can do to you.
It 's great , actually , super vivid.
Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini coven.
Aya 's stake was cursed.
I am a free man now.
Well , the paper is Dutch hemp , and its degradation dates it to the late 1700s.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
Yavuz , you look like a tough young man.
How did a werewolf get a pilot 's license ?.
They invented the concept the same way Hallmark invented Mother 's Day.
If you want beauty , printed rayon bare jersey will have bright and beautiful colors.
The Darkness is coming.
She 's The Machine.
The dealer does n't care , Kripke has no authority over us , and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot.
The world ai n't all Dilly Bars and debutante balls.
A body was found on parklands in western Virginia.
You could possibly make 12 different shows out of this show.
The priest wo n't accept it.
The dark dimension is volatile.
Then , he leaned in to kiss her , and finally said ... " Oh , that 's rich.
I built it for you.
Five minutes ago I was a sea captain.
But Father Miller 's understanding of Christ 's soon return can not be ignored.
I love this sweater.
4 - 5 - 5 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - B. That number does not exist.
Commander is sending reinforcements.
Negative entities often feed off emotional distress.
TINA : Was that the Demiguise ?.
This mission is cursed.
Holy shit , a $ 50 shot of tequila ?.
The last time I had been here was during the delirious celebration marking the end of the Second World War.
It 's a cursed hat -.
It 's a cursed hat -.
- Frangois Mitterrand -.
The last one should be up and running in a month 's time -.
He was my first cousin , but I practically raised that boy.
The Humanoids.
Marseille has to move with the times.
We will ask them to provide us with local phones.
You used falsified evidence to exonerate a client.
It was a simple little commercial.
It was a simple little commercial.
There 's no organic material on this band - aid , but there 's no inorganic material either.
If it were n't for the Arab , I never would 've forced your father to challenge Kublai in the first place.
Tropical Storm Hunter is moving up the southern coast of Thailand.
Take a look at this beaut.
So , my brother took off the leash , and in that instant , the dog spotted a cat.
You 're a disgrace.
I stashed it up there when he brought me in.
Did you make Dr. Ronald 's tongue ring , too ?.
Last season on Penny Dreadful ... Do you believe the past can return ?.
There 's a blockade outside of camp , food rationing inside , jail full of Grounders.
Have you ever seen a fairy ?.
You 're warm.
Earth 's gravity keeps pulling at it but it 's going so fast , it keeps missing the Earth.
Two - way mirrors , just like the cops use , huh ?.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A scrofulous john fucking some girl just like you , and quick with the back of his hand while he 's at it.
A very large , very powerful werewolf the people of Gevaudan called The Beast.
I can have SCPD see if John 's bullet is connected to any open cases.
It can charge an electric car for thousands of miles.
With Ruvé Darhk as mayor , it needs a hero without a mask.
He already is with the souls of all of those Argus agents that he just killed.
The world is what 's insane.
Aurora turned you because , in her twisted little maze of a mind , she believed my affections for you would grow cold.
A rare African American Sling Lizard.
We do n't even know if Congress will approve the appropriation for the bailout.
The Yakuza were guarding something -.
But this is Hell 's Kitchen.
The Niffin becomes fused with the wood.
I love my new Maria Bamford Pepper Stepper Pepper - bot.
The entrance to the tunnel is right over there.
This city is screwed up because of you.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
And I , as your president , must confront the storm before us.
Because some faux version of your brother is upset with something that you did in a fake reality ?.
Nothing crazy , but it 'll be safe ... from Marina.
Valentine sent a Shax demon to track us on our mission today.
Well , it 's more than a gemstone ... it 's also like a kind of onboard computer.
We never figured out where it led to.
It is a magical energy.
It is a magical energy.
It 's the WMD team.
I am The Flash.
I 'm sitting at the entrance to the garage when I realize I do n't have my key card.
You 're worse than my husband !.
This TV station is old.
The Legion has only one that was n't destroyed when Brainiac took over.
Savannah.
That 's a home movie.
You did n't think the war was right ?.
However , there 's no evidence on the security footage of anyone mailing it from inside the station.
This road is not closed.
The virus protection software I told you about.
No we wo n't , because you never got Puffed -.
The girl was Kinky Boots.
Beppi wants me to come back , to go on tour , to do this concert , to be La Fiamma again , because of the money.
_ JEN : I 'm telling you , there 's a rat in the attic.
What about your surgery ?.
You know , the surgery went well.
Uh , like I said , he was a senior board member.
It 's great with the hazelnut cream.
It 's a high - end ice Axe.
Aubrey asked me to look into Chadwick Grey , the guy from the Gem Society who put the microscopic code on the diamonds.
It 's cool , it 's cool.
The ATOM suit is made of and powered by dwarf star alloy.
Nothing good.
He 's not much of a phone - answerer , in my experience.
He 's not much of a phone - answerer , in my experience.
The altar is sacred--.
What do you want to know about Touvier ?.
I love your movie.
When I 'm sheriff , the first thing I do is take down that stupid painting in your office -.
If anything happens to Junior , We will be the ones to die , not he.
You came and begged me for help with a case of demonic possession , and now you got your knickers in a twist 'cause I did n't bring you flowers ?.
It makes the noise of some futuristic propulsion system powered by antimatter.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
That medicine was n't meant for you.
Everything is fine.
I found the SD card from Hannah 's bag.
Commodus , the people of Rome , they 're just like you.
This invention has taken the world by storm in just the last couple of years.
My body is only part of me.
It was built on the site of the very first sector of the wall that was pulled down.
A magic unlike any other.
It feeds on life itself.
It feeds on life itself.
We have been surrounded by predators since the shipwreck (.
He fosters dogs.
As long as he was just a face , on the screen , I could almost handle it , sentencing a boy to a life he never asked for.
His liver will never go to the national list.
Doubt leads to death.
Finally , in the year of our Lord 1802 , he took himself off to Africa.
You 're my bodyguard ?.
The Brooks Innovation deal is changing the course of history in this city.
So all this is just a bunch of bullshit ?.
You were wrong.
We got a letter from Eileen.
We 're at the mall.
Listen , I took one of the vibrators home and ... Ah - ha !.
However ... I found an extraordinarily high level of hyaluronidase in her system -.
You want me to help you rob the most deadly vampire on the planet ?.
Do n't be scared , Dilaver.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
That is 60 more than you get from a BMW M3.
So is a volcanic eruption or a tsunami.
He dragged me to the tower , and he hit me.
We found Regina Franklin 's parents in Tampa.
The body adapts.
Yes , well that 's why we 're hurrying , because there 's not much light at this time of day.
